Hello,As you are 15 years old, I hope you are not involved in any sexual activity. The cause for the bumps on your penis is may be due to sebaceous glands of hair follicles on penile shaft and these are normal and harmless. It may be due to injury, creation of the skin of the penis as it is soft and highly sensitive and fox force disease which can also present like this and it also donor require any treatment. For your condition I would suggest you1. Maintain good hygiene of the genitals2. Apply moisturizers on the skin3. Mild antibacterial ointment can be used. If the bumps is not coming down you need to consult your doctor at the earliest. Thank you.
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor, Clotting disorders are treated with anti-coagulants. These disorders are monitored with clotting or coagulation tests like prothrombin time (PT), activated partial thromboplastin time (apt) and INR. The dose of anti-coagulants is calculated by the coagulation tests especially INR. Thus, consult your treating doctor for prescription of coagulation tests as well as calculation of dosages of anti-coagulants. Thanks and take care Chat Doctor.
Dear Sir/Madam have gone through your query and read your symptoms. In my opinion, you are suffering from PIED which simply means that, you have disc problem impinging on your cord, please do not repeat it again and again, as repeated episodes, will cause you to keep the disc herniated and would prevent it's going back to space, Take some rest and then under guidance of a good physio start spinal muscle building exercises, so that this does not reoccur. Avoid lifting heavy wights, and stop your gym at present and only result after your doctors advise. I hope that answers your query. If you want any more clarification, contact me back.
Hi, Thanks for writing in. You seem to be suffering from pneumonia. This will usually cause a chest pain (which increases on breathing in), difficulty in breathing, fever and cough. An empiric course of antibiotics would be definitely the way out. You would require antibiotics like amoxicillin-clavulanate and levofloxacin. A total course of 7-10 days would be required. Please see your physician. This should not be ignored. Hope this helps
Hi, A new change in ECG is definitely important and should be evaluated in detail. As you are having a new change in ECG, I'll advise you first get a 2D echo done to see any abnormality in heart and if that is normal you should go for a stress test to rule out underlying heart disease which is not apparent on echo. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor.
Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, Dog bite on the face for which you have given adequate and proper treatment to your daughter. For the bite on the face which was infected for which your treating doctor has given a course of antibiotics. The wound on the face after healing as left some scar on the biting site. The face has a very rich blood supply which will fasten the process of healing and the bump will shrink in a due course of time. For the swelling, I would suggest you to apply MOMENTASONE cream over the bumps for 7-10 days it will regress the wound. Thank you.
Hello, I read carefully your query and understand your concern. Face twitches can be related to anxiety. Low calcium levels can also trigger these symptoms. So, I suggest taking the medications as prescribed by your doctor. I also suggest a healthy lifestyle, eating a healthy diet and sleeping well. Hope my answer was helpful. If you have further queries feel free to contact me again. Kind regards!  Chat Doctor.
It sounds like you may have venous insufficiency, which is a condition where the veins in your legs have difficulty returning blood to your heart. This can lead to poor circulation and cause symptoms like leg pain and swelling.
Hi, Thank you for choosing Chat Doctor. Sometimes with Chat Doctor. E medically known as dysmenorrhoea. It is not a major problem, I suggest you to take some painkillers which contains Metonymic acid after consulting your doctor. You need regular followup for your endometrial hyperplasia thing. And I suggest you to continue taking birth control pills, it is good at reducing this hyperplasia. I hope this information has been both informative and helpful for you. In case of any doubt, I will be available for follow-ups. If you like my answers kindly rate it, and write a review as well. Please do not forget to accept it. Thank you, Wish you good health.
Hi, How are you? My name is Chat Doctor.  I am a surgical gastroenterologist and I will attempt to answer your question. Cholelithiasis or gall bladder stones is a very common finding in scans of the abdomen. 10% to 20% of population will develop stones at some time in their lifetime. Up to 80% of these patients will never experience biliary pain or complications such as acute cholecystitis, cholangitis, or pancreatitis.  Hence, most gallstones are clinically "silent," and is an incidental finding often uncovered during abdominal ultrasound being performed for another reason. People with such asymptomatic cholelithiasis, however, eventually may develop symptoms (biliary pain) that require treatment, but this risk is quite low. An even lower proportion (1-2%) may develop major gallstone complications. Therefore, expectant management is an appropriate choice for silent gallstones in the general population. The exception is patients at high risk for experiencing biliary complications - Large gallstones (>3 cm) or gallbladders crammed with stones that carry a higher risk of developing gallbladder cancer. So in your case if you are currently not suffering from any symptoms and all you have is a small stone in the GB, I would advise a "wait and watch" policy. If in future you do develop symptoms like pain, fever, omitting, dyspepsia, etc. then I would get operated on. Laparoscopic cholecystectomy is a fairly simple and routine surgery done in most surgical centers. Unfortunately once the stones have been formed, there are no medications which will help in treating them. Hope this helps and hope you start to feel better soon. Please do not hesitate to contact me for any further clarifications. Have a great day
Hi! Good evening. I am Chat Doctor answering your query. This could be an ovulation pain which might occur in between the periods with such severity at times. If I were her doctor, after a clinical abdominal examination I would advise her for an ultrasound of abdomen to rule out any pelvic pathology causing such pain. Otherwise, simple anti inflammatory Chat Doctor. I hope this information would help you in discussing with your family physician/treating doctor in further management of your problem. Please do not hesitate to ask in case of any further doubts. Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor to clear doubts on your health problems. I wish you an early recovery. Chat Doctor.
Thanks for your query, I have gone through your query. The flap just behind your second molar is normal after removal of the wisdom tooth. The flap might have sutured to the adjacent gums to close the gap. Nothing to worry its normal. Complete the course of antibiotics and do saline gargling. The flap will get fused or merged with the surrounding tissues in 10 days. I hope my answer will help you, take care.
HI, I understand your concern. Smoking in pregnancy is hazardous to both mother & child.  Smoking in first 3 months increases chances of fetal abnormalities, specially heart problem.  Smoking in early months of pregnancy carries risk of placental complications, abortion, premature deliver, low birth weight, future obesity, future smoking addiction.  Mother also is exposed to pregnancy induced hypertension after smoking in pregnancy followed by further complications like toxemia of pregnancy.  * Its good that you have totally quit smoking at present. You need not start it again to satisfy uncontrollable urge to do so. Trey self-control/ counseling/ chewing clove/ beetle nut as an alternative. DO NOT start smoking again.  - AS you had smoked in early months, it's better to assess babies status as far congenital defects with investigations like 3D USG scan & follow doctors advise as far as its management is concerned.  Thanks.
Based on your symptoms, I suspect that you have dislocated your patella, which is also known as your kneecap.
Hi, I can understand your concern for increasing facial rashes on face. There can be multiple possibilities of your concern, but I can make a possibility of Allergic dermatitis. In Allergic dermatitis there are eruptions along with moderate itching and in more aggravated cases there is appearance of more redness which persist for more than multiple of days. In this condition a thorough history of contact allergens are to be taken and accordingly a specific diagnostic technique known as patch test is to be undertaken. The only precaution you must follow is not to touch, pinch pop or squeeze any of them otherwise it can get infected and can cause complications. You can apply medium potency steroid cream application such as mometasone or fluticasone cream. You can take antihistamine Ben Chat Doctor. Take care.
Hello Chat Doctor. First step is to take the clothes off of the child. Let him with one layer or naked if possible. You could use again eugenic 200 mg every 6-8 hours, 3 doses in 24 hours and between the medicine you could make your child a bath with warm water. Not with cold water as it will make the temp rise. When bathing with warm water take out a cup with warm water and put in a cup with cold water. So cool it down gradually. If fever persists more than 3 days with full 24 hours send him to the hospital it could be bacterial. Check him up and possibly do a Urinalysis.
Hi....thanks for sharing your problem here in this forum... The location you are telling is associated with hernias mostly...hernias are mostly soft, and they can move in and out if not obstructed or strangulated...pigeon hernia may be hard...hernia repair is not very much painful if done under general anesthesia...under local anesthesia its painful...I will advise you to see your surgeon so that he examine it and give you proper diagnosis and treatment....thanks Chat Doctor.
Ankylosing spondylitis is a form of chronic inflammation of the spine and the sacroiliac joints. Chronic inflammation in these areas causes pain and stiffness in and around the spine. The treatment of ankylosing spondylitis typically involves the use of medications to reduce inflammation and/or suppress immunity to stop progression of the disease, physical therapy, and exercise. Nucoxia contains etoricoxib which is used to relieve pain and inflammation. The prognosis for patients with ankylosing spondylitis is very much dependent upon the location and severity of its manifestations. The prognosis is best for those who maintain close monitoring with the treating doctors and who incorporate physical activities designed to maintain mobility.  If he is smoking its better quit smoking. Oral or injectable corticosteroids (cortisone) are potent anti-inflammatory agents and can effectively control spondylitis and other inflammations in the body, but can't be used for longer time. I advise him to follow the doctors advice, and he can lead near normal life. Regards
Hi there, A lump in your neck during an ear infection is most commonly an enlarged lymph node. A number of things can cause lymph nodes to become enlarged, but in the vast majority of the time, the cause is an infection. Other causes can be malignancy, but this is much rarer. If the lymph node is tender, it makes malignancy much more unlikely. I'd take ibuprofen and use warm compresses on the affected area. If the lymph node gets smaller, I wouldn't worry about it at all. If it continues to be enlarged, hardened and painless, then I would seek out an ultrasound. Again, I'd give it a week after your other symptoms resolve before I'd start to worry. I hope this answers your question. Feel free to contact me if you have any other questions.
HI, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Based on the description given, you might b suffering from Solar Urticaria. It is a type of physical Urticaria occurs commonly due to exposure to UV rays and sometimes even visible sunlight (Photoallergens). UV radiation can be present in all kinds of weathers. It depends on the area where you reside. If you are living in an area with less ozone layer covering or an area of high altitude, then the chances of UV radiation is high. Apart from the environmental factors some people have skin sensitive to UV rays.  The rash develops with in a matter of minutes and would disappear once you are indoor (it might take 10 mins too few hrs). Rash is commonly seen on exposed parts that is why you are experiencing rashes on face and neck. There are various modalities of treatments like antihistamines, desensitization, immune suppression etc., Please see a dermatologist and take his advice on the type of treatment that suits you. Wish you a healthy life Take care
Hi, Do not here this nonsense tip given by this type of person. If this is the case then every married man should have lost energy and handicapped ! Masturbation does not have any side effect either less of energy or muscle weakness or not having any bed effect in sex life. This is just like other feelings like thirst, hunger, joy etc. At young age this is common habit where male hormone is its maximum level. So there is no harm doing masturbation. I always advice that keep this habit in control as excess in every thing should be avoided. If one person does not do masturbation, excess amount of semen is going into blood stream, metabolized in the body and will be thrown by kidneys. Ok and take care.
Hello, Thanks for consulting Chat Doctor, Read your query, as you have bump on the gum this can be Abscess for due to Periodontal problem or due to carious tooth may be formation of Periapical Abscess or this can be Myogenic granuloma also. Don't be worried it is not cancerous condition, but I will advise you to consult oral surgeon and go for visual examination of swelling on gum if needed go for Investigations IOWA X-ray of tooth then go for its proper treatment.  In meantime do warm saline rinses two - three times a day, Do chlorhexidine mouthwash, brush your teeth twice daily. Hope it will help you.  Wishing you good health. Regards
Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor .com I am Chat Doctor. Mariano Into Bruno Mascaras. I have gone through your query with diligence and would like you to know that I am here to help you. Numbness in Head after an accident is due to Nerves getting injured directly or getting compressed due to edema The following symptoms following Head injury require evaluation by a Neurosurgeon1. Loss of Consciousness2. Fits 3. Headache 4. Vomiting 5. Dizziness6. Giddiness7. Double Vision 8. Blurring of Vision 9. Numbness10. Weakness 11. Bleeding from Nose 12. Bleeding from Ears13. Bleeding from throat the numbness persists, ask him to consult a doctor immediately Hope you found the answer helpful. If you need any clarification / have doubts / have additional questions / have follow-up questions, then please do not hesitate in asking again. I will be happy to answer your questions. In the future, for continuity of care, I encourage you to contact me directly in Chat Doctor at http://bit.ly/ask
Hello, I have gone through your query and understand your concern. Fertisure M is a supplement in the form of anti oxidants which would help him to increase sperm motility. You should rule out any other cause causing infertility like infection. If there is any sign of infection, he may need broad spectrum antibiotics. Further we cannot surely how long he has to take feature M. Because this may work in many and not in some and the effectiveness vary from person and person and also on other factors like age, previous infections, etc. Recommend him to take natural foods to increase the sperm count like garlic, ginseng, pumpkin seeds, walnuts, asparagus, bananas, dark chocolate, oysters etc. Further if he is a smoker, he should stop smoking and taking alcohol too. My recommendation is to recheck the sperm analysis after 3 months of taking this Feature M to know about the status and discuss with your treating physician. Hope this helps. Please write back for further queries. Wishing you good health.
Hello dear, I understand your concern. In my opinion any pregnancy witChatDoctorplication is continued only if the complication doesn't hamper the health of the mother. Presence of hypertension at this early pregnancy might be very difficult to control and also to ensure the proper growth of the fetus. So maybe it was suggested for termination.Don't worry. The BP should be controlled before conception and then pregnancy should be planned for better results. Avoid stress.Also, as she had previous abortions the investigations like antiphospholipid Abs and anticardiolipin Abs might be helpful. Best regards... Chat Doctor.
Hello, If it is something wrong with the heart rate, then it can only be known by ECG, and it has got no symptoms that can indicate the change in heart rate, of course, you must be having some symptoms, but for reason for that could be something else but not the heart rate changed, if you want to clear the doubt, then you have to get done the EKG test, moreover whatever the medicine you are on is for hypertension and not anything to do with the heart rate. In my opinion, it is the anxiety that must be playing the role here, so try to come out of it, even it is nothing to take anything with clonidine so just try to low down the stress. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hello, After going through your history, I would like to make a few clarifications from you what's your age and what about your present sugar level. If you are fifty plus and sugar is not controlled, then I would suggest you undergo KFT (kidney function test) so that the cause of your water retention could be tracked out. From your history, It's very well evident that there must be some problem with the kidney so that you are retaining the water. So kindly go for the above test. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. Tightness across chest, easily feeling tired, having shortness of breath, heart burn and neck and shoulder pain are all common symptoms of anxiety and stress. But they are not the symptoms of anxiety alone. Therefore, it will always be useful and helpful for you to consult a general physician and get advise. Psychotherapy techniques should suit your requirement. If you require more of my help in this aspect, Please post a direct question to me in this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe the needed psychotherapy techniques. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.
Hello, I read carefully your query and understand your concern. Your symptoms seem to be related to carpal tunnel syn Chat Doctor.  I suggest continuing using Tylenol to relieve the pain. I also suggest using cold compresses for local application. Furthermore, I also recommend maintaining a splint to prevent further damage. Hope my answer was helpful. If you have further queries feel free to contact me again. Kind regards!
Hi, Thanks for your question. After going through your question, I can understand your concern. For better opinion I want to know-Your age and gender. - why are you taking water pill. - Is there any diabetes, heart disease, Blood pressure or cholesterol problem. - Habits like smoking, alcohol. - Associated symptoms like fever, change in color of skin over feet, breathing difficulties. There may be following causes for swelling in your case - - Prolonged sitting. But other causes related to heart, Kidney, Liver disease need to be ruled out. Following investigation may help in diagnosis - - ECG, 2DEcho. - Complete Blood Count. - Renal function test. - Liver function test. - Urine examination including urinary protein. Depending upon clinical examination and above test results appreciate management can be planned. Hope this helps you, if so do vote as helpful.
Hello, I went through your query. If more than 75% of tooth structure is lost then placing a crown (cap) on the broken tooth is not recommended. Otherwise, there is a possibility of placing a Post and Core on the tooth. That has to be decided by your dentist based on the condition of the tooth. Also, I would not recommend leave the broken tooth without a crown. And between dental implants and bridge, I would recommend a Dental implant, if the condition of the bone is sound, because it does not involve preparation (cutting) of the adjacent teeth. Hope you are benefited by the answer.
Hello, It is quite normal to shed hair postpartum as the effect of estrogen on hair wanes off.  Other factors that may be contributing to your hair loss is nutritional deficiency.  Therefore, I suggest you take a balanced nutritious diet rich in proteins, minerals and vitamins along with a hair vitamin supplement e.g. tablet Reviles which is oral biotin and is good for hair. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor. , Dermatologist
Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, Considering your bilirubin value (especially high conjugated bilirubin) you are suffering from hepatocellular jaundice which needs to be treated. You will require antibiotic to prevent super infection with symptomatic treatment like Utilize 300 mg for liver enzyme supplements and some dietary restrictions. For diet, you should follow these guidelines, Avoid fatty fried and junk footage lots of fresh fruits, fruit juices and vegetables. You should take glucose water 3 to 4 times a day. Avoid oily, fatty or even high protein intake. You should have whole grain food items chapati and Dali ya or Chichi. Do you feel weakness?or How's your appetite? You should check your blood counts and liver function tests almost daily in initial phases. Consult your doctor or family physician for complete treatment.
Based on your symptoms, it's possible that you have hyperlipidemia, which is high levels of fats in your blood. We will need to run some tests to confirm this.
Hello, Yes, it is true that alcohol consumption is not advisable prior to dental procedure, and it is advisable to stay alcohol-free for at least 24 to 48 hours and even more if possible. If there is anxiety then antianxiety medicine like Valium can be given by your Dentist but even before that you should be alcohol-free and in her case she is taking relatively toxic doses, so she should be detoxed. So, please consult your Dentist and get her evaluated. But do not proceed for any dental procedure or taking medicine along with alcohol intake as the outcomes can be fatal. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Based on your symptoms, it's possible that you may have leukemia, a type of cancer that affects the blood and bone marrow. I recommend that we do some blood tests and a bone marrow biopsy to confirm the diagnosis.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Honestly speaking, this does not carry good prognosis in your mothers case. She is having low heart pumping (25%) and chronic kidney disease (dialysis dependent). So her heart and kidneys are almost non-functioning. When these two organs fail in their work, fluid tend to accumulate in the body. This is the reason why she is having fluid in the lungs. This also causes breathlessness. So breathlessness and fluid in the lungs suggest further deterioration in heart and kidney functions. And hence this carries poor prognosis. Chances of getting better are very, very less. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wishing good health to your mother. Thanks.
Hi, I appreciate your concern. Pain full swelling, in big toe, sometime entire foot, and redness, looks like gout or pseudogout. Uric acid levels fluctuates every time in a day, less after taking painkillers.in my pts I consider uric acid levels constantly above 5 to 6,along with symptoms, apossitive. Still i advice my pts to take safe painkillers, reduce tea, coffee,nuts, redmeat, coloured veg, for control of uric acid. Warm water fomentation will help reduce swelling.thanks.I will be happy to answer future query.
Hi welcome to Chat Doctor forum. Your mother got operated for chole lithiasis, and again for pancreatitis, either the disease or the manipulation of pancreas has resulted in diabetes due to lack of islets of Langerhans cells in pancreas. Many of the anti-diabetic Chat Doctor.  As the cells are not in a position to be activated insulin injection is only remedy for diabetes in her case.  So first she should be convinced to take insulin then consult a planetologist, or endocrinologist for treatment. There are new methods for giving insulin, just by a prick the metered dose of the
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor, The normal percentage for a mast cell or basophil on peripheral blood smear is 0-1% and the absolute number varies from 0-100 cells per cubic millimeter. Thus, it is normal to find a single mast cell or basophil on peripheral blood smear. There is nothing to worry about it. You can consult your hematologist for treatment of ITP without any worry. Thanks and take care Chat Doctor.
Hi, Thanks for using Chat Doctor. I prefer you to consult physician urgently. With the history of accident and pain in lower abdomen better to get ultrasound abdomen done. Any intro abdominal injury with blood collection can result in sever pain. As right lower abdomen is one of the dependent part, any collection will first collect there. Not to get tensed but better to rule out intro abdominal injury. Get ultrasound abdomen and erect X-ray of abdomen and examination by physician. Hope this helps you. Regards
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. No, these symptoms are not normal. You should definitely concern about these symptoms. These symptoms suggest worsening of lung functions or infection. Pulmonary fibrosis patients are prone for lung infection. So better to consult pulmonologist and get done clinical examination of respiratory system, chest x-ray (for lung infection) and PFT (pulmonary function test) (for lung functions). You may need antibiotics, inhaled bronchodilator and inhaled corticosteroids on the basis of these reports. Long term oxygen therapy (LOT) is also advisable in pulmonary fibrosis. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.
IIN regard to your query, clindamycin is antibiotic which is usually prescribed to patients who are sensitive to pencilling and it not a Chat Doctor.  You might be having sensitive because of dissolution of cement at the crown site. Secondly, after the root canal treatment tooth will be non-vital which means no life in the tooth so I think you might be having pain rather than sensitivity. I would strongly recommend you to stop using
Hello misunderstand your concerned are on the birth control pill, but you took it irregular, so chance of failure is high to prevent the pregnancy. And chance of failure is also high as you just finished the first pack of pills. So I advised you to take the emergency contraceptive pill like I pill or Unwanted 72 to prevent the unwanted pregnancy for safer side. In future use birth control pill regular on the same time without missing any tablet. Hope this may help noncontact the Chat Doctor for additional health problem Best regards
Hi, welcome to Chat Doctor. Lupus nephritis require kidney biopsy to determine class of the disease, its treatment and prognosis. Creatinine can usually go high in lupus nephritis if there is flare of lupus. Do urine routine report, urine protein quantification, DS DNA, c3 and sonography. Then consult your nephrologist, or you can get back to me with above reports. You should be on immunosuppressant if there is lupus flare. I think this would be helpful to you. Best wishes. TC. Chat Doctor.
Hello, Thank you for the query. I have gone through your query and understood your concern. I don't think that MRI caused bloody stools as it doesn't causes any radiation exposure lie other tests. But the culprit in your case is liver cirrhosis in my opinion. And hospital visit is always needed as increased blood loss will lead to hypokalemic shock which is not an acceptable condition if the blood loss is no much then it is fine, and you can wait for the change but if it is more you need to consult your treating doctor for sure. Thank you.
Hello, Chat Doctor.  It is advisable to rule out organicism by seeing a psychiatrist in person as such symptoms can be due to several organic/neurological causes as well and where the treatment is entirely different. There is no need to panic, take her to a psychiatrist once and discuss her case in detail, let her be interviewed and with proper meds she will show significant improvement in a week. Wish you good health.
Hello, After going through your medical query I understand your concern and would like to tell you that angiogram is a daycare procedure which can take 4-8 hours depending on the site of puncture radial or femoral. If your angiogram is normal then you can go back the home same day or if you are going for angioplasty then 2-3 day hospital stay. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor Hyperpigmentation of face, commonly known as plasma, is managed on 3 basic principle steps:-Inhibition of cladogenesis to prevent synthesis of new pigment and thus relapse.-Exfoliation to shed away the existing pigment and-Sun protection to prevent further sun induced darkening I was the treating doctor I would suggest you to use a broad spectrum sunscreen throughout the day, that which offers both UV A and UV B protection. Reapply the sunscreen every 2-3 hours, in adequate quantity. At night, you could use a cream containing one or more of the skin lightening agents like comic acid, HY Chat Doctor.  These ingredients inhibit synthesis of new pigment by inhibiting cladogenesis. Simultaneously you could also opt to undergo a little glycolic acid peeling sessions from a dermatologist, to exfoliate existing pigment. Metasone plus cream is a triple
Hello, THX to contact us. If I am your treating doctor I would like to advice you that they do not go with the home remedy you have suggested these things is not accepted in allopatChatDoctoredicine. If you have consulted some Ayurveda doctor than you will go with it. But I suggested you to take antifungal agent. You can think for clotrimazole vaginal pessary. If you have anything else to ask please contact me. Than. Chat Doctor
Hello there I understand your concerns feel your symptoms mimic migraine and are fallout of that onlyYour obesity is pushing you in a corner. Your loss of vision in the right eye doesn't seem to be embolic You require a full body check with investigations directed towards full blood profile inclusive of thyroid and X-rays EKG and an echocardiogram with a TMT to assess your exercise capacity hope that helps
Hello ! You seem to have allergic response to cigarette smoke. It can cause Allergic rhinitis and Bronchial Asthma. , that will result in your nose getting stuffy and your airways to constrict making it difficult for air that you breathe in and out to pass along your airways.  Since how long have you been smoking ? What form of smoking ? How many per day ? Do you wheeze ? For symptomatic benefit for your current episode, u will need to do steam inhalation, take decongestant/ antihistamine medication, antibiotic if you have purulent phlegm on coughing.  Do warm saline gargle.  Get yourself checked by a physician in person. If there is evidence of constricted airways then you will need bronchodilator n steroid Chat Doctor.  Get a Chest X-ray and Spirometry done for evaluation.  Do quit smoking.
Hi Regarding your concern, I would explain that the heaviness on the chest could be related to a respiratory tract infection. Gastritis can not be excluded either. For this reason, I recommend consulting with her attending physician for a physical exam and some tests: - A chest X-ray study - A resting ECG-Complete blood count, PCR, ESR. You should discuss with your doctor on the above tests.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hello, Thanks for consulting ChatDoctorRead your query as you have small growth on both side of gums this can be due to poor periodontal condition, it can be due to formation of periodontal abscess or growth can be due to tooth infection formation of periapical abscess.Don't be worried so much I will suggest you to consult oral surgeon for examination of gum and in meantime do warm saline gargle two - three times a day. Hope this will help you.
HI, Thanks for the query. I understand your concern. Gestational diabetes is a cause of increased amniotic fluid.  The explanation is as follows.  Due to gestational diabetes, fetal blood sugar is raised & this leads to excessive urination in fetus (osmotic effect). Which causes increased amniotic fluid in gestational diabetes.  As an effect of gestational diabetes, apart from maternal complications, fetus has high birth weight/pregnancy can turn in premature labor, abnormal fetal presentation during childbirth.  Please don't worry these can be prevented by controlling gestational diabetes by lifestyle changes & few medications (as per advise by treating doctor ) Thanks.
Hello Mr. Mukesh, You said you take alcohol daily and your LFT showed mild increase in Bilirubin levels and liver enzyme levels. It indicates that your liver had some injury due to your alcohol intake. The serum bilirubin levels and liver enzymes levels will revert to normal in few days. But taking alcohol in future may again cause elevation of bilirubin and liver enzymes. Daily alcohol intake may cause Cirrhosis of liver with Portal Hypertension due to which you will have permanent liver failure and it's dangerous to life. About the food, yeah you can take spicy food if you don't have any Gastritis problem. But if you develop Cirrhosis and portal hypertension, you need to take low salt and less spicy food. My advice is to stop taking alcohol and be on follow up with your physician.
Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor. If your egg size was 20 mm, it means that in all probability you are ovulating. How long you have been married?  Only about 20% of women get pregnant in one menstrual cycle. So have patience. Get a pregnancy test done if you miss your period. It would have been nice if you had provided me some more information like your age, BMI, regularity of menstrual cycles, whether your hormone assay, semen analysis are normal. What treatment have you taken so far? If you are married for more than a year consult infertility specialist in your area and register for treatment. Do hormone assay, HSG and semen analysis for your husband. Based on the results of investigations, further treatment can be advised. To increase your chances of conception maintain normal BMI, quit smoking (if you're a smoker) and have intercourse at least three times in a week. If you have any further concerns do contact me through Chat Doctor.
Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thank you for your quarry. Its elevation is common found in many disorders must most usually is alcoholic, viral, autoimmune or toxic liver damage. The most common liver disorders are fatty liver which can be found in healthy people, but usually is resulting from elevated blood lipids, overweight and elevated blood sugar. This is only the first stage and completely reversible condition, so you have no reason to be concerned. You should treat it by changing dietary and lifestyle habits. Do exercise, avoid alcohol, smoking, fats, fast food and carbonated Chat Doctor.  Eat more fruit and vegetables, boiled meat and follow some of hepatoprotective diets. Findings usually improves on such measures. If not, then some medicines can be prescribed, but I suggest going step by step. Also, if stomach pain persists you should do gastrostomy to verify is there some stomach disorders such as gastritis, HERD or hiatus hernia. Wish you good health.
Hi, Thanks for your query. From description, this hard lump most probably formed due to hematoma formation (collection of blood) which might get fibrosis or calcified. It will take few weeks to months to get disappear. I suggest you to consult an orthopaedician nearby for a detailed examination of swelling. You may get the X-ray of the area affected under his/her guidance.Meanwhile, give hot fomentation over it, You can take Tablet Motrin 1 tablet with food as and when required (up to 4 tablets daily). I do hope that you have found something helpful, and I will be glad to answer any further query. Take care
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. You had chronic mold exposure. This can lead to bronchitis (inflammation of airways). Bronchitis causes bronchospasm and this in turn causes cough, expectoration, chest tightness, breathing difficulty etc. So consult pulmonologist and get done clinical examination of respiratory system and PFT (Pulmonary Function Test). PFT will not only diagnose bronchitis, but it will also tell you about severity of the disease and treatment is based on severity only. You will mostly improve with inhaled bronchodilators (formoterol or albuterol) and inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) (budesonide or fluticasone). Don't worry, you will be alright with all these. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.
Hi. Thanks for your query. You have a problem just for 5 days, which you give a history of hardness in upper left abdominal pain and increases on eating off and on. This can be due to gastritis or pancreatic problem or Costco Chat Doctor.  An examination by a Doctor and ultrasonography and upper GI endoscopy can help you the diagnosis. The late periods or irregularity in periods is known to occur in PCs, ultrasonography will also help in confirming the problem and can take treatment under the guidance of a Gynecologist.
Hi, Thank you for posting your query. I appreciate your thorough understanding regarding your problem. Surgery is the only definite treatment to relieve the compression on the cervical nerves, if the compression is severe resulting in significant dysfunction. In the meanwhile, medications such as pregabalin or gabapentin, physiotherapy and epidural steroid injections are all acceptable/helpful treatments. Please get back if you require any additional information. Best wishes, Chat Doctor. Ly/
HI. Thanks for the elucidate history. This is called a phantom pain and is a very rare thing that there would feel and pain in a part which is not there. Another possibility is that the nerves supplying this area are entrapped in its course. First thing is to find out where and treatment to be started for this paras thesis or a referred pain. IN old times the nerve causing this problem was excised if the pain is unbearable or irritating the routine life. I hope my answer will help you to get the diagnosis and treatment under the guidance of Urologist or Neurologist.
Hi, Your ultrasound report is essentially normal, but, failure to conceive depends on several other factors also. You would need a couple evaluation which includes your complete hormonal profile, glucose tolerance test, tubal patency, ovulation tests, exclusion of local causes and cervical factors and assessment of your partner. Only then will it be possible to conclude on the management to be taken. Please consult an infertility specialist to get proper advice. Take care.
Hello. Thank you for writing to us at Chat Doctor You seem to have an Chat Doctor.  One month of time is too short for any significant improvement. The increase in hair fall too is not much of a worry once you understand the reason for it. Minoxidil is a non-specific hair growth promoter, and it causes hair follicle to shift from halogen (resting phase) to managed (growth phase). Tthe new hair that grows (managed) pushes out resting hair (halogen hair) and this manifests as increased shedding during initial part of treatment with minoxidil. This is actually a good sign because it means a shift from resting phase to growth phase. This increased shedding usually subsides in 2-4 weeks. Apart from topical minoxidil I will also suggest an oral anti-an
Hello Anxiety and depressive mood symptoms are observed commonly in elderly females. And also you have stress factor due to lawsuit. To control anxiety, stress, and depression in elderly usually Anti anxiety Chat Doctor.  Some doctors recommend start of hormone therapy. But hormone therapy has its side effect. Antianxiety medicines like Duloxetine, Milnacipran are very useful in post menopausal females in controlling anxiety and hot flushes. For episodic relief you can go for Clonazepam. Visit a Psychiatrist for expert opinion. Thanks
Here it's good that your MRI as well blood report is normal, and you do not have pain while walking running etc. Now for treatment for back pain, I suggest you to take physiotherapy treatment like ultrasound and IT along with postural correction advice for sitting and sleeping position. Also, you need to take suggestion from physiotherapist for spinal strengthening and mobilizing along with stretching exercises. Besides use hot pack and cold pack at your back painful area to relax soft tissues as well reduce inflammation from soft tissues.  For RA positive patient it is common that early morning they have pain in spine and joints for this I suggest do more over of spinal mobilization exercises. This will give you good relief. Also get your bed checked properly with physio and if needed change it for better one. You can also do some more things like following anti-inflammatory diet in your food habits too. I am sure if you follow all above things you will starts feeling better soon. Take care.
Hi there! When you look at yourself in the mirror can you see the lump also? Or do you just feel it as run your hand down in the front of your throat.  Then again if you keep your hand on the lump and perform the act of swallowing does the lump move during the swallow ? If it does, it is likely to be a swelling from the thyroid gland situated in the neck. An ultrasound examination of the neck should sort it out. All the best!
Hi...sometimes allergies can take even months together to get better. It doesn't depend only on the medications alone. The most important thing is to take off the triggers. Even if your kid is using medicines regularly, if she is constantly exposed to the allergens which are causing this, then the improvement may not be satisfactory. The allergen can be as simple as a common house dust mite. So I suggest you concentrate on the removal of triggers from her vicinity. Regards -
Hello, Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. I understand your health concern, if I am your doctor I suggest you that add chlorpheniramine male ate and low dose steroid prednisolone tablet in your current treatment. This both Chat Doctor.  This many measures is enough to control your inflammation. I will be happy to answer all your future concern. Thank you, ChatDoctorInfectious disease specialist. Wish you the best health at Chat Doctor.
Hi thanks for asking question. Chest x-ray normal, so pneumonia like condition mostly less likely. Here it could be simple generalized viral infection as you have diarrhea also. Treat it symptomatically. Take more water. For nasal blockage decongestant can be taken. Anxiety can lead such chest muscular spasm. Avoid anxiety and stress. Sometime gastric problem might lead such chest pain. Muscle relaxant Chat Doctor. ECG also done if chest pain refer to shoulder and arm also. You will mostly will OK in few days. Wish you good health
Brief... if high bilirubin level is physiological then phototherapy or blood exchange (transfusion) is the best treatment. Detailed answer. There can be many causes of high bilirubin level, which are treated accordingly. For example.if there is jaundice within first 24 hrs of birth, it is almost always pathological like because of AGO incompatibility; hereditary He diseases or hereditary biliary sclerosis etc. If jaundice is after 24 hrs of birth, it can be because of breast milk or physiological as liver enzymes are not mature enough to metabolize etc. Well first from the history of your child, it seems that she has been suffering from physiological (normal) jaundice, which can be treated with phototherapy and exchange transfusion. But if bilirubin level is above 20 it can effect brain so the sensory hearing loss and which can be permanent and non-treatable, so better to be on safe side, hearing test should be done, once child is stable.  Chat Doctor.
Welcome to Chat Doctor .1. It could be a muscle as your doctor said.2. Possibilities of lymph nodal enlargement can not be ruled out.3. I would recommend getting an ultrasound neck none to evaluate the nature of the lump, its source, nature and extensions.4. Lymph nodal enlargement is seen after any infection / inflammation local or systemic.5.Vascular cause also one of the possibilities - gets scan for confirmation. Good luck Hope it helps you. Wish you a good health. Anything to ask ? Do not hesitate. Thank you.
Hello, Thanks for sharing your health concern with us. I have gone through your query and would like to offer some suggestions. Firstly, ovulation occurs two weeks prior to the onset of the next period and this is the fertile phase in the cycle when an unprotected intercourse can cause pregnancy. Around the menstrual period, it is safe to have intercourse without risk of pregnancy. The medication is not of much use as an emergency contraception. You have to use a proper pill or go for the insertion of an IUD as an emergency contraceptive. This should be done as soon as possible to prevent failure. Hope this helps.
Based on your symptoms, it's possible that you have lymphedema, which is the swelling of tissues due to buildup of lymph fluid. The abnormal appearing skin you are experiencing is a common symptom in lymphedema.
Hello and thank you for posting your query on ChatDoctorAs you have mentioned that you have had breast cancer, there is a hereditary condition which increases the incidence of uterine cancer. This is the reason why your doctor advice you to get an endometrial biopsy to look for endometrial cancer. The red spots you are having can be a manifestation of an internal malignancy.Much cancer cause skin manifestations of this kind.Don't worry, wait for your biopsy report. Take care Chat Doctor.
Hi, dear. I have gone through your question. I can understand your concern.  Your have fluid overload in your vascular system.  It creates problem.  It may lead to congestive cardiac failure.  So you should take Chat Doctor.  Take it according to your doctors' advice. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Yes, possibility of pulmonary hypertension is high. Chronic acidosis can cause pulmonary hypertension. And your symptoms are also suggestive of the same. So get done 2d echo for the diagnosis of pulmonary hypertension. You will need methylprednisolone (for acidosis) and tadalafil or Bosnian (for pulmonary hypertension). So consult pulmonologist and discuss all these. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.
Hi Dear, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Understanding your concern. As per your query your infant have symptoms of sleeplessness and running nose which occurs due to upper respiratory infection bacterial or viral. Need not worry. I would suggest you to consult ENT specialist/Pediatrician once and get it examined. Doctor may order certain test like nose or throat culture and test, blood test and swab test to confirm the diagnosis and rule out other condition like viral infection. Doctor may prescribe antibiotics, anti-inflammatory and decongestants. Give child plenty of fluids to rely Chat Doctor.  You can put nasal
Hi... It seems your kid is having viral diarrhea. Once it starts it will take 5-7 days to completely get better. Unless the kids having low urine output or very dull or excessively sleepy or blood in motion or green bilious vomiting...you need not worry. Leg pains could be due to electrolyte imbalance or disturbance due to diarrhea and vomiting. I suggest you use zinc supplements (Z&D Chat Doctor.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Breathlessness in patient aged 51 years can be due to heart (heart failure) and lung (bronchitis or pneumonia) related diseases. So better to consult internal medicine doctor and get done ECG, 2d echo, stress test, chest x-ray and PFT (Pulmonary Function Test). ECG, 2d echo and stress test are needed for heart diseases. Chest x-ray and PFT are needed for lung diseases. Treatment is different and depends on cause. So first diagnose and then start appropriate treatment. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wishing good health to your mother. Thanks.
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thanks for your query. I understand that you are concerned about your brothers psychological problems. From the limited information that you have provided it is not possible to pinpoint a definitive diagnosis. A detailed history and proper psychological assessment is necessary for this. Regarding the medication that he is on - Proven (Paroxetine) is an anti-depressant medication and Located (Clonazepam) is a sedative / antianxiety medication. Without confirming the diagnosis, it is not possible to say whether this medication are appropriate for him or not. I'm not sure if he has been seen by a doctor and then prescribed this medication. If not, please take him to a psychiatrist for a detailed evaluation and further treatment. Wish you all the best.
Hi, You are on Fer tab which cause increase in FSH and LH. It causes ovarian follicle maturation, followed by the preovulatory LH surge, ovulation, and the subsequent development of the corpus luteum. Doctor gave you shot at the 12th day of period. Most commonly it was Chat Doctor shot. It will be given after confirming ovarian follicle size to induce ovulation (to release egg form the mature follicle). Its effect will be seen after 24 hours only. So you have to do sex after giving Chat Doctor shot to become pregnant. So do sex for 4 to 5 days after Chat Doctor shot. Hope this may help you. Contact further if follow up needed. Best regards,
HIT hank for asking to ChatDoctorI really appreciate your concern and from the history given here I could say that if the rash is there on your face then this could be due to some reactive phenomenon and this can be managed with antihistamine, Tab Levocetrizine 10 mg three times in day, for the lymph nodes this can be treated with Tab Ibuprofen 400 mg twice in day, if the lymph node persist then this need to be investigated for underlying causes, have a nice day.
Hello! Welcome on Chat Doctor ! I agree with you that your symptoms are not typical of deny Chat Doctor.  An inner ear disorder could also explain your symptoms. For this reason, if the problem repeats, I would recommend consulting with an ENT specialist in order to exclude an inner ear disorder. It is also necessary performing an X-Ray study of the cervical spine to exclude chronic degeneration of the vertebral column. Hope you will find this answer helpful! Best wishes,
Hi, It seems that you may be having Tina corporal and Tania courts...a fungal infection caused by dermatophytes. Your close friends are having same disease, as it is infectious and spread by close contacts. Still, you consult dermatologist for firm diagnosis. After thorough examination and coming to the diagnosis of fungal infection, he may prescribe antifungal like ketoconazole or itraconazole orally for few weeks along with antifungal cream to apply like clotrimazole cream. To relieve itching, antihistamines like levocetirizine may be taken. Avoid soap bath, as it might exacerbate the disease. Let your friend also be treated to prevent infection in other closed persons. I hope you got my answer. Thanks. Chat Doctor.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. Since your age is 84, there are high chances of rib fracture.  Because of osteoporosis, flat bones like ribs are easy to fracture even with minimal pressure. So we need to rule out rib fracture in your case. Another possibilities in your case are1. Pulmonary contusions. 2. Pneumothorax3. Muscular injury. All of the above including rib fracture can cause deep pain. So better to get done chest x-ray to rule out all these. If chest x-ray is normal, you should not worry much. You are having muscular injury only. Better to follow these for better symptomatic relief. 1. Avoid heavy weight lifting and strenuous exercise. 2. Avoid bad postures in sleep. 3. Take good painkiller and muscle relaxant. 4. Apply warm water pad on affected site. 5. Wear chest belt to avoid mobilization of affected area.
Oops... Popping could go dangerous if not down properly. Pain radiation might be due to disc. Thrust could cause the spine to go hyperextension which can put the impact on disc.  Well, apply ice to the low back area and run down the ice to the buttock too. Sleep on the side or lay down in the floor with the legs resting on a chair. Apply ice for 15-20mins for 2-3 days. You would feel better. Cheers.
1. In Ayurveda, Brahma is considered as Madhya Chat Doctor. e. which increases the intelligence, learning and skills and Brahma fritz ingredients geniality is recommended by Ayurvedic Pharmacopeia of India (API)2. As we know that Blood Brain Barrier (BBB) is fat soluble and anything which has to act upon brain has to cross this barrier, and fruit or ghee has this property (being a fat).3. As medicine, you can give it half a spoon with water before food, or advised by your Ayurveda Physician, there aren't many side effects of the product but if taken in excess dosage results in indigestion, nausea, diarrhea.4. Likewise, people with high cholesterol, blood pressure, diabetes, heart disease, should first consult with their respective Physician.5. Examination itself is a TENSION, thus regular use will definitely make your son to cope up with the situation.
Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor .com I am Chat Doctor. Mariano Into Bruno Mascaras. I have gone through your query with diligence and would like you to know that I am here to help you.Poliovirus attacks the Motor neurons and hence there is weakness. The weakness of the muscle cannot be cured butte can do muscle transfer surgeries or resection of contracturesNIMS Hyderabad is a good center, and it is a govt organisationHope you found the answer helpful. If you need any clarification / have doubts / have additional questions / have follow-up questions, then please do not hesitate in asking again. I will be happy to answer your questions. In the future, for continuity of care, I encourage you to contact me directly in Chat Doctor at http://bit.ly/ask
HelloThanks for query. Severe plan in back with frequent urination and vomiting with positive findings of stones in kidney and pus cells in urinalysis strongly suggests kidney stones with secondary UTI. You need to get hospitalized for a couple of days and take following treatment .1) Intravenous Fluids .2) I. V antibiotics 3) Pain management if required .4) Assessment of kidney function by blood test for renal functionFurther treatment as regards any endoscopic intervention for treating stones will depend upon the size of the stones and degree of back pressure changes in kidneys reported in ultrasound Scanning report. Chat Doctor. .
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. I have gone through the x-ray report you have mentioned. Prominent bronchovascular markings and prominent hill are commonly seen with asthma. You are also having sneezing and coughing. So possibility of allergic asthma is more in your case. So better to consult pulmonologist and get done clinical examination of respiratory system and PFT (pulmonary function test). PFT will not only diagnose asthma, but it will also tell you about severity of the disease. And treatment of asthma is based on severity only. You will need inhaled bronchodilator (formoterol or albuterol) and inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) (budesonide or fluticasone). Oral combination of antihistamine (levocetrizine or fexofenadine) and anti-allergic (montelukast) is also beneficial in your case. Don't worry, you will be alright. No need to worry about tuberculosis. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.
Hi, This is called evening colic and is quite common in this age group. This happens when the baby sucks at the breast very fast and in eagerness to Chat Doctor.  Unless the air comes out like burping or flatus this discomfort will be there and next time check if the baby is sucking too fast and gulping in air too. You will be more convinced. Usually, I don't advice any medicines for this as they give only temporary relief. The two best ways to relieve this distress is -1. Do not put the baby in lying position after feeding till the baby burps out the swallowed air.2. If still crying - put the baby in prone position and keep patting the back gently so that the baby passes off the flatus and gets relieved. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, Any injury with the glass should be treated with all precautions, because some glass pieces will remain in the wound and may lead to infection in the future. As you taken TT injection it will protect you against tetanus. I hope your treating doctor has put you on oral antibiotics. Oral antibiotics definitely help to control infection and protect you against sepsis. As you are having severe pain your wound should be properly examined under the light to check whether there is any leftover glass pieces in the wound. I wound suggest you take oral Naiads, before you take consultation of your treating doctor. Thank you.
A lot of the behavior you just described is present in child Chat Doctor.  If she is doing well in school and hasn't had a bad evaluation or decrease in her marks you shouldn't be concerned about this disorder entering puberty can cause these symptoms because of the hormonal gush. I recommend doing the basic tests like a blood test of CBC, thyroid function test to role out organic causes of mood changes. I hope this helps
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor, Presence of urinary tract infection and rash on the thigh can be due to similar infection of urinary tract and skin. The skin rash as I mentioned could be fungal infection of skin, or primary skin disease. A clinical examination of the skin lesion needs to be done to decide the further mode of action. A complete urine examination and microscopic examination needs to be done to look for evidence of infection. If detected the microorganism needs to be isolated and Chat Doctor.  Thanks and take care
Hi there,At 39 weeks you are almost full term. You need to get checked by an obstetrician immediately for these child and the decreased fetal movement. Any fever or infection at this stage cannot be taken lightly and needs to be evaluated. You need to measure your temperature 4 hourly. Also do you have any complains loss of fluid, or breaking of membranes? It is a possibility that you have ruptured your membranes and are going into labor. But if you have chills and decreased fetal movement, any womb infection called chorioamnionitis needs to be ruled out.Also, you need to get an ultrasound and fetal heart tracing done to check for fetal well-being. Hope this helps. Regards.
Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. From the description, it is very clear that your problem is social phobia or social anxiety disorder. It is characterized by intense fear in one or more social situations, causing considerable distress and impaired ability to function in at least some parts of daily life. Expert treatment requires for complete cure. Psychiatric treatment along with psychotherapy should cure you. Please do not delay and visit a psychiatrist. If you require more of my help in this aspect, Please post a direct question to me in this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe the needed psychotherapy techniques. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.
Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You have polyps, and it leads to gastrointestinal tract bleeding and ultimately causing anemia.  Polyp can turn in to cancer depending on type of polyp and genetic factors.  If possible you should go for polypectomy and histopathological examination. Consult your doctor and take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Welcome to Chat Doctor I have gone through your query and understand your concern. As you have got swelling of only one foot. This can be due to local cause. You are advised to keep it elevated and exercise actively by active toe movement of toes. As you are already having cardiac disease, so it will be better to see cardiologist for it. You can discuss with your doctor about it. Hope your query get answered. If you have any clarification then don't hesitate to write to us. I will be happy to help you. Wishing you a good health. Take care.
HI. The symptoms you are presenting with could also appear due to a hormonal imbalance that can occur after getting off the demo shot. This can occur in women until 6 months after getting off the shot, and can present with symptoms like inter-menstrual bleeding, spotting, weight gain, menstrual irregularities, etc. Although pregnancy should be adequately ruled out, especially if you are experiencing a delay in your period, visit a doctor for an ultrasound by the 6th week from your LMP, and confirm/rule out pregnancy. Best wishes.
HiT hank you for asking Chat Doctor. I have gone through your query. Hyperthyroidism can give such symptoms. Thyroid profile test should be done. Serum cholesterol, blood sugar level and blood pressure should be taken also. Normalizing such parameters if abnormal will be helpful to correct your problem. Avoid excess carboy Chat Doctor. Hope this may help you. Let me know if anything is not clear. Thanks
Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor, thank you for your query. It can be signed of cancer but in most cases it is not. There are many other possible and more common causes of blood in stool including radiotherapy which damage colon mucosa. If this is her only symptom then she may have hemorrhoids, polyps or some other benign lesion. If there is pain or other stool changes, this may be something more serious and further evaluation is necessary. Wish you good health. Regards
Yes, based on your symptoms you may have neuropathy due to drugs. Have you been taking any medication recently that may have caused these symptoms?
Are you having cough? Sometimes, mucous builds up behind the ear Chat Doctor.  If your hearing problem is due to mucous, then you must include plenty of garlic, onions, chilies and peppers to thin down mucous. Having a bowl of soup with crushed black pepper may help relieve mucous formation.  If deafness is due to build up of plaque in tiny blood vessels that supply blood to the ears, then reducing intake of fats especially saturated fats like butter, margarine, ghee, milk fat, red meat will be helpful. Hope this answers your query.
Hello Anna, Lisfrank injury is dislocation of foot bones, and it is not a soft tissue injury. It needs to be tackle as soon as possible. And your doctor is right in thinking that it may need screws fixation. So I would suggest you to go for this surgery as soon as possible.  Delaying this make this problem more problematic. I hope this answer will be very useful for you. Let me know if there is any other followup questions. Thanks
Hello! Welcome and thank you for asking on Chat Doctor! I passed carefully though your question and would explain that marijuana can lead to chronic changes to the vessel walls, like smoking cigarettes. I would strongly encourage stop smoking marijuana for this reason. Stents are very likely to get blocked again in a short period of time of cardio-vascular risk factors are not maintained under control. You should discuss this with your husband. If it is difficult to stop marijuana, you should consult with a specialist of this field. Hope to have been helpful! Best wishes,
Hi If u need doctors opinion u need to click on the live chat with a doctor link on top. Here u can get info from forum members who r mostly ppl like u n me, not doctors. Anyway, I'm 52 F. I started bleeding by periods at the age of 46. No cause was found after many tests. Ultimately I decided to go ahead with hysterectomy (uterus removal surgery) at 48 yrs. Now I am perfectly alright. No problems since then. I think u really do need to see a doc. This isn't a problem THT u should be ignoring.
Hi... Thank you for consulting in Chat Doctor. Skin and nail conditions are best diagnosed only after seeing directly. I suggest you to upload photographs of the same on this website, so that I can guide you scientifically. Hope my answer was helpful for you. I am happy to help any time. Further clarifications and consultations on Chat Doctor are welcome. If you do not have any clarifications, you can close the discussion and rate the answer. Wish your kid good health. Regards -
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor, A lump on right labia could be due to lymph node enlargement or inflamed Catholics gland. A history of bacterial vaginosis can be the cause of lymph node enlargement. The presence of ASC US on Pap smear suggests presence of atypical squamous cells of undetermined significance. A repeat Pap smear or cervical biopsy may be required to rule out invasive malignancy. However, before repeating the pap test treatment for bacterial vaginosis needs to be done because atypical changes in squamous cells may be seen in case of infection. The presence of lump on labia is not related to ASC US. Thanks and take care Chat Doctor.
**1. Ideally urine sample should be sent for culture- sensitivity and colony count, before initiating treatment. As soon as the result of sensitivity test is available, treatment is started [or changed, if already started] according to maximum sensitivity.2. Since you don't have health insurance, even then predisposing factors to infection like: obstruction, calculus, diabetes should be properly identified and managed/treated [for which opinion of urologist is necessary since he may distinguish lower tract infection from upper urinary tract infection]3. Take plenty of water and fluids. Avoid: hot/spicy foods, salt, garlic,mustard oil, citrus fruits, alcohol,excess physical exertion. Take: Jagger with cold water, coconut water, amla, dates, musk melon, watermelon. A few teaspoons of baking soda diluted in cup of water, followed by at least 2 cups of water is effective. You may ask for prescription medicines like: tab Calgary, tab/syrup cyst one, Chandon Assam, usher Assam.
Thanks for contacting ChatDoctorYou are concerned about having fever body aches and back pain for an extended period of time. This sounds like you may have a urinary tract infection. I would return to your doctor and ask for a urine test and blood count. Since your illness has gone on longer than a usual virus I think additional testing is required. You should have been feeling better from a viral illness within 1 week and your fevers should also have resolved
Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, Chicken pox is a highly communicable 1-2 days before the appearance of rash and 4-5 days thereafter. After which virus tends to die out and looses the capacity to transmit disease to normal individuals. The scabbing usually begins 4-7 days after the rash and completed by 30 days. During the scabbing period you are child will be sterile and will not transmit disease to others. The disease will cause deny Chat Doctor.  Your child should
Hi, only b long f tablet will not help. You have to take medicines for growth of your follicles and track your follicles' growth by repeated ultrasound.  When follicles reach a size more than 17 to 18 mm , take injection for rupturing the follicles. Be in contact with your husband for next 2 to 3 days.  Take progesterone for next 2 weeks.  Do a urine pregnancy test at home after that.  You can try like that for 3 to 6 cycles. Hope I have answered your question. Regards Chat Doctor.
Dear patient as you are having a shoulder pain which is limiting your daily activity you should take it seriously and get an MRI done to help further diagnosis and limit the damage. Sometimes x-rays are not enough to conclude something. And if turns out to be tendonitis see a pain physician who can advise you some physiotherapy exercises and if needed some steroid injections into the joint. Till that you can take acetaminophen or diclofenac to relieve your pain. Hope my answer will help you.
Hi, Ideally X-Ray should be done of the affected knee joint just to be sure that the bones are ok, because sometimes even a small displaced crack manifests with pain and difficulty in ambulation only. As far as swelling is concerned, it could just be an organized hematoma, but my concern is that if there is a significant hematoma over the joint, it usually suggests a significant soft tissue injury inside the knee joint which can be meniscus or a Ligament injury, so ideally 3 weeks of Rest and Ice packs and even after that your symptoms are still there kindly visit your Orthopedic specialist and get necessary investigations done. Till that time as I have mentioned. - Ice Packs 3-4 times a day- Compression bandage- Anti-inflammatory medication along with medicine to reduce swelling. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care
Hi... by what you say I feel that your baby may be having and Eczema. But skin conditions are best diagnosed and treated after seeing them directly. I suggest you upload images on this website and get back to us so that we can guide you better. If it is eczema, I sympathize with the kid and understand your concern. The trick of the management is keeping the skin moist and never allowing it to be Chat Doctor.  For this oil massage and lotions like Hiatus will help. Regarding cure options - eczema is a sort of allergy...allergies can only be controlled and can never be cured. But usually kids grow out of it...that is as the age progresses, they become better starting from 6 months. Hope my answer was helpful for you. I am happy to help any time. Further clarifications and consultations on Chat Doctor are welcome. If you do not have any clarifications, you can close the discussion and rate the answer. Wish your kid good health. Regards -
Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. Your fathers report indicate that he has adenosquamous carcinoma. It is a type of lung cancer. It also spread to the mediastinal lymph nodes. His two lymph nodes get the cancer spread. So he needs chemotherapy also. Consult your doctor start chemotherapy accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have any doubts then contact me at bit.ly/ Chat Doctor. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Hi, The protein intake is not related to erectile dysfunction. I suggest you check his sugar level and measure blood pressure to exclude diabetes and hypertension. He needs to lose weight if obese. Investigate with his testosterone and prolactin level as well. He can use Tadalafil for short duration. Advise him to practice more foreplay while doing sex. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi, thank-you for the brief history of your mother. I am sorry to hear that at this age she had to undergo so much pain and aches. Without wasting time, as you told she had a fall, and post that only this blackness on her forehead though it is a month-old injury. I think she had a fall and internal bleeding, that is the reason of the black spot and swelling. Usually any swelling should come by a maximum of week or so. Human body is a self medicine for itself, so body removes the excess waste from the excretory system. Also, I am unsure if you have met a physician that day. If not I will recommend you to meet one and get checked. Also, I am not sure, where at this age she is mobile or no because continuous lying down can also lead to pressure sore at this age. As we age the human body loses its capacity to quick healing. Just on a safer note I recommend visiting a physician and get checked once. If all turns out fine then you can help her by just requesting a physical therapy services at the door step. They will work out behind the breathing exercises, simple passive or active movements which will help the functioning of the lungs and the hemodynamic to the optimum again. Also, kindly take her out in the sun for sun baths and provide good nutrition. Sunbaths will help her to Chat Doctor.  I have been seeing old cases between 60-100 and I deal with them by providing regular breathing exercises, active or passive exercises, sunbaths, proper diet and care, this has led my old patient to help them functionally motivated and also have helped them to be energetic and avoid falls as well. I wish your mother the grace of God and a good health soon. Regards
Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, In a young child with a plantar wart, we prefer doing1. Paring with or without TCA application or cryotherapy (done by a doctor).2. Self treatment with salicylic acid and lactic acid application twice in a day or by using a corn cap. Right now I would advise that he may use a corn cap for few days, this would remove the dead skin tissue and also destroy the virus. Thus causing resolution of lesion. Thank you.
Hi, thank you for providing the brief history of you. A thorough neuromuscular assessment is advised. As your chief complaint is that when you walk there is a sharp pain in the lateral side of the left foot, I suspect it to be muscular pain or either neuropathic pain for which a thorough neuromuscular assessment is advised. Also. When there is a nerve impingement in the lumbar spine, it all starts with the pain in most cases on the lateral side of the foot. As you even mentioned that you had a bony injury in the past, there might be a tendency of abnormal gait during that time and shortening of muscles of the spine due to walking in pain. As I feel, by strengthening the muscles of the core, spine, pelvic floor and lower limbs on both sides you should be able to walk. Since the nerve impingement gives the initial symptoms as pain in the lateral side of the foot and progresses over a period of time. So before it gets more on future you can get an MRI of lumbar spine and them proceed with physical therapy for the lumbar spine. In my clinical experience I see cases who initially comes with this sort of pain and later with Nerve impingement diagnosis. So, from past couple of years I have noticed that this is the first alerting symptom of the Neurological pain, so now I deal with first an MRI of spine and core stability. Results come on 3-4 weeks of time and post which in future complaints are less Regards Jay In Chat Doctor.
Hi. Welcome to Chat Doctor. As per your complaint lip quiver in infants is commonly seen as they have an immature nervous system, and it is resolved as the child grows and reaches further milestones. But in case if the quivering does not resolve, or it becomes more severe you should consult a Pediatrician and get evaluated and a clinical evaluation and investigations like MRI Scan and blood tests to check for any nerve related problem or nutritional deficiencies and syn Chat Doctor. . As of now it does not seem t be anything related to any pathology, so you should wait for at least a month and watch. Hope this helps.
Hi, thank you for posting! I have gone through your query and I understand your concerns. According to your medical history, I can say that to suffer from herniated disc. Exercises and chiropractic procedures can help you in relieving your symptoms. You can also take non-steroidal anti-inflammatory medicines. You need a lumbar X-ray, in order to check the condition of herniated disc. The results will help your neurologist in determining the treatment. All the best.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. Since you have visited doctor and cardiac, respiratory causes for breathlessness are ruled out, in my opinion you are having anxiety related symptoms. Your age (19 years) is too young to have cardiac and respiratory disease. So no need to worry much. Consult psychiatrist and get done counselling sessions.  Try to identify stressor in your life and start working on it. You may need anxiolytic Chat Doctor.  So avoid stress and tension. Be relax and calm.
Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern.  He has history of cancer in carotid body.  It was operated, and some fibrous scar tissue may lead to twisted carotid artery.  If at present no any other problems or symptoms then it's ok.  No, any treatment is required for that. Just be relaxed. If you have any symptoms then tell me about that. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. Bronchiectasis is chronic disease with waxing and winning characteristics. Surgery is the last option and practically possible in only few cases like1. Isolated lobe involved2. Chronic Infection with resistant bacteria3. Good lung function test4. Absence of any disease in rest of the lungs.5. How fit is the patient to bear stress of the surgery. So all the factors are considered before surgery. Better to follow these steps for Bronchiectasis. 1. Inhaled bronchodilators2. Pulmonary rehabilitation with chest physiotherapy SND deep breathing exercise.3. Expectorant and bucolic Chat Doctor.  Pulmonary vaccination with pneumococcal and h.influenza vaccines.
These symptoms can be caused by a genetic condition called spherocytosis, where there is a problem with the shape of your red blood cells. It can cause anemia and jaundice as well.
Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern.  Your low platelet count has no relation with your upland or diet. You are suffering from ITP. Its immune thrombocytopenic purpura.  Your body produces antibodies against your own platelet and causes destruction of platelets. So your platelets count is low. You should take immunosuppressive Chat Doctor.  Consult your doctor and take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Hello, Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor for posting your query. I have gone through your question in detail and I can understand what you are going through. I have heard about the anxiety. Some of my patients have even tried it. Unfortunately the results were not so encouraging. You may still try it as the producers claim that it has least Chat Doctor.  None of my patients reported any significant interaction taking anxiety. You may try it ones. Hope I am able to answer your concerns. If you have any further query, I would be glad to help you. In future if you wish to contact me directly, you can use the below-mentioned link:bit.ly/
Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. Thyroid cancer can be diagnosed by fine needle aspiration cytology and ultrasound thyroid.  Ultrasound of thyroid gives exact site and location of cancer, and it gives idea whether cancer has spread or not. Treatment and prognosis depends on type and stage of cancer.  However, you should go for surgery.  It is required in all types. Consult your doctor and take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
If annular fissure is cause of your ain and medicines like gabapentin, tramadol, NSAIDs are not relieving your pain there are some interventional means to cure you. Epidural steroid injections can give you relief until nature heals the annulus, or you can directly go for angioplasty. Both these procedures are day care procedure where under C-arm guidance under local anesthesia with help of some needles we are able to treat you.
Hello, Thank you for posting on Chat Doctor. It seems you are suffering from a fungal infection skin called Tina. In my patients of Tina, I usually recommend proper course of oral antifungal Chat Doctor. You can additionally use antifungal dusting powder containing clotrimazole during daytime and a soap containing ketoconazole for rinsing of affected areas. Take oral antihistamines for itching as required. Avoid scratching/peeling of skin as it can cause secondary bacterial infection. Maintain hygiene over those areas and avoid wearing tight undergarments. Hope your queries are resolved and wish you best of health. Thank you
Hello! Thank you for asking on Chat Doctor! Regarding your concern, I would explain that his symptoms seem to be related to a chronic infection. An autoimmune reaction could also be the cause of his symptoms. I would recommend performing a nerve conduction study to exclude a polyneuropathy and some tests for inflammation (PCR, sedimentation rate, fibrinogen levels). Hope to have been helpful! Kind regards,
Hi. Thanks for your query and an elucidated history. I wonder how is it possible that with such a classical history suggestive of peritonitis you are not yet admitted and investigated faster. This is a classical history of peritonitis, wherein one gets pain even on walking and on lying down as your history says so. Shoulder pain and all history is suggestive of a serious condition inside the abdomen unless until proved. I would advise such a patient to get admitted and kept on intravenous fluids and antibiotics. Patient should not take anything orally. Investigations include- ultrasonography / CT scan of abdomen if there is a doubt or to confirm the findings of Ultrasonography. Hologram to see for hemoglobin and whit cell count. Urine - stool tests Standing X-ray of the abdomen to see for gas under diaphragm, Surgery if required anytime
Hi, Thanks for your question. I do understand your pain and discomfort. As per your history is concerned please check whether you have already ruled out these points or not:--1)anemia-check your HBO if low correct it2)Paronychia-if present take oral antifungal+oral antibacterial+antiviral depending upon species as well as use tropical lotion and immerse in hot water three times per day.3)Check clinically whether ingrown nail present or not4)Check for [Onychomycosis]-if present then treatment should be [terminating] orally5)Check your Fasting blood sugar and TSH6)Add regular vitamin-C in your diet. Check what I told wait and observe and follow me after 15 day. I hope I was able to ad Chat Doctor.  If you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to write to me. Wishing you all the best. Thanks
Hello, Thanks for your query. Painful gums can be a symptom of gingivitis (inflammation of the gums) or, more likely, periodontitis (inflammation of the attachment fibers of the teeth and supporting bone), which can arise due to a number of different causes. Painful gums can also arise due to localized sores on the gums, such as abscesses or authors ulcers. I do hope that you have found something helpful, and I will be glad to answer any further query. Take care
Hello, The sperm count and Morphology seems to be improved with medicines as they are within the normal range. But motility is still little low.  You can take multivitamin tablet and hey Forte like tablet for that. You can discuss with your treating doctor and such medicines can be prescribed.  Don't take the stress and avoid excessive heat exposure. Smoking and alcohol should be strictly restricted as it can affect motility. I suggest you get checked your testosterone level as well.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor.
Hi, It is not clear from your history what your doctor meant when he said he straightened your fallopian tube, if there were any adhesions which were lased. There are several factors which are responsible for failure to conceive, and tubal factor is one of the most important. I would suggest a proper evaluation by an infertility specialist. You need to test for tubal patency and tubal motility. If nothing can be done, IVF is the ideal solution. Without tubal propulsion of the ovum, insemination is not going to help any better. Hope this helps.
Hi, As you said you have scalp psoriasis...it may be relapsing and may for long time. I hope you might be taking regular and proper treatment of psoriasis from your dermatologist. Psoriasis is a chronic relapsing and autoimmune disease. Never take steroid as it might worsen psoriasis. I usually recommend cap accretion 10 mg twice a day along with methotrexate 15 mg weekly in three decided doses 12 hourly. This may be taken for long time till good response. Blood tests may be done to monitor the treatment. Apply mild steroid lotion combined with salicylic acid on the scalp lesions. Regular and daily shampoo may be done with tar, salicyliacid and ketoconazole containing shampoo. Avoid stress and worries as that might worsen psoriasis. Avoid bad habit of smoking, tobacco and beverages. Avoid heavy combing of hairs of scalp, so that trauma may be avoided, otherwise that might exacerbate the disease. Have patience for the good result. I hope you got my answer. Thanks.
Hi, Thanks for writing in.It's possible that you have another fungal infection which is now in the scrotum regions. Fungal infections affect moist areas where the skin remains moist and allows the fungus to grow. It is possible that the fungal infection in your penis shaft is treated but some fungi have now started growing in the scrotum. This causes itching and discoloration. Please trim your pubic hairs short and Chat Doctor.  Wear cotton inner clothes and wash your genital region with warm water twice daily. Apply antifungal ointment to the area of itching and skin discoloration twice daily. You can use the same ointment which you have taken earlier. Avoid scratching the area as this will spread the infection. The itching should stop 3 days after starting application of antifungal ointment and treating the condition might take a month if treatment is taken regularly. Skin will return to normal color in few months.
Hellman thanks for contacting Chat Doctor What I can infer based on your description of your complaints is that you are suffering from a soft tissue injury to your nose and head. As you have mentioned that only headache remains, what I would suggest is for you to take paracetamol for the next few days and observe it. If there is sudden increase in headache, vomiting or giddiness then to consult a doctor. I would also suggest you to take it easy for next few days Hope I have answered your queries Wish you a speedy recovery
Hi Dear, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Understanding your concern. As per your query you have swelling in feet post ankle fracture. Well there can be many reasons for symptoms you mention in query like hematoma, infection or soft tissue injury. I would suggest you to keep your foot and leg elevated, do icing, take anti-inflammatory prescribed by doctor and walk as per recommend by the doctor. If condition doesn't get well then consult your orthopedic for proper examination. Doctor may order x-ray or CT scan to confirm the diagnosis. Doctor may prescribe further anti-inflammatory, antibiotics, anti coagulant or may consider the reduction procedure again by Chat Doctor.  Hope your concern has been resolved. Get Well Soon. Best Wishes,
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor. Your husband has a CRF (chronic renal failure), or total kidney failure, which requires urgent treatment in the form of hemodialysis, by a nephrologist. The swelling over the legs is due to fluid accumulating in the body and extremities. By taking alcohol and smoking, his medical condition will deteriorate for certain. Try to convince him along with a friend, to see the nephrologist
Hi, When you are in the third trimester & approaching the expected date of delivery, you should count the number of times your baby moves. When the baby is in distress the movement becomes fewer, you need to visit your gynecologist to check the FSH, fetal heart sounds.  Normal rate of FSH is 140/min, higher or lower rate needs medical attention. If you are getting pain in the vagina, watch for the show or get admitted under a gynecologist if contractions/pain are frequent.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi, I understand your concern. You have undergone planning operation. If tube is clamped then after recanalization surgery conception is possible. Success of this operation depends on length of healthy tubes left behind after sterilization. If recanalization is not possible then in vitro fertilization is the only option. So consult your gynecologist and take proper advises. Hope this may help you. Contact further if follow up needed. Best regards,
Hello, Thanks for writing in. I read your problem, i would like to tell you that after having braces one will definitely get the gum inflammation, but you need to get the scaling done on regular intervals during orthodontic treatment is necessary. So I will suggest you visit to you dentist and get the scaling done and if after scaling and good oral hygiene also you have the same problem, you should take a second opinion. Nothing to get worried. Take Care Chat Doctor.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. Since you are saying that he is having thyroid cancer (operated) with lung and lymph nodes metastases, his chest pain can be due to1. Pleural effusion2. Pneumonia3. Lung metastases Malignant pleural effusion is very common in thyroid cancers and if present can cause pain on inhalation. Pneumonia is another possibility. And if worsening of lung metastases is there than this can also cause pain. So better to get done chest x-ray and if needed CT THORAX to rule out all these.
Hi...dear poem., Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor., Pimples are called ACNE VULGARISM., common in You’re age...due to hyperactivity of Hormones., So don't worry... Maintainance and hygiene of face is., very important...so just follow.,1) Frequent washes with FAST BAR... Triclosan soap.,2) Topical application of ZYCLINE-NANO or CLINDAC-A gel., clidamycin 1% cream...nighttimes.,3) Morning times SUNSCREEN LOTION is mandatory.,4) Tab... Isotretinoin 20 mg daily for 2 months gives very good result.,5) Take fresh fruits and vegetables...ok., thanQ
Hello, I will add Chat Doctor.  One of the causes could be a condition called bronchitis which is a type of inflammation of the lining of our large breathing tube or bronchus. This condition is usually viral and may show slightly higher lymphocytes on your blood count. Blood in the sputum or spit may also arise from the inflammation of the lining of the nose. These conditions are not serious and resolves. However, one should also know that blood in the sputum can arise from tuberculosis or cancer type diseases also which from your description does not appear to be the cause. However, my advice is that you should get a test called peripheral blood smear done. You must also obtain your test report on absolute lymphocyte count. Persistently raised lymphocyte count has to be investigated with additional tests such as flow cytometry and bone marrow biopsy. At the moment bone marrow biopsy is not necessary, but you must get a peripheral blood smear examination done by a pathologist along with an absolute lymphocyte count done. You may also feel for any lumps in your neck and armpit. If there are any you must get investigated by a physician promptly. I presume that your platelet count is OK because low platelets can cause bleeding. Overall my opinion is that your blood in the sputum may be a temporary phenomenon as you recover from a viral or allergy related illness, but it is important to also get some investigations done. Therefore, please get the following investigations:Peripheral blood smear with absolute lymphocyte countSputum examination with cytologyChest XRayPlease feel free to clarify your test results also Best regards
Hello, I read carefully your query and understand your concern. Your symptoms seem to be related to pain due to cervical spondylosis. To treat the pain I recommend using painkillers such as Ibuprofen three times a day. If the pain continue I recommend prescription painkillers such as Oxycodone. Physical therapy can also be helpful. Hope my answer was helpful. If you have further queries feel free to contact me again. Kind regards!  Chat Doctor.
Hi, Thanks for your query. You are suffering from coccydynia- inflammation of the bony area (tailbone or coccyx)Cure for your coccyx pain-1. Use a well-padded seat when sitting and avoid long periods of sitting when possible.2. Do site bath-take warm water in a tub and sit in this. It will relax the muscles around the coccyx.3. Do exercises that will strengthen your tailbones supporting muscles and stretch ligaments near the pain. Consult a physiotherapist for this. Therapists may perform a combination of:Elevator ANI massage and Elevator ANI stretching.4. Correct your posture. Poor posture may be contributing to your tailbone pain. Try to sit upright. If you get a sharp pain when getting up from a sitting position, lean forward and arch your back before rising.5. You can take anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor. 6. Apply diclofenac gel on the affected area. I do hope that you have found something helpful, and I will be glad to answer any further query. Take care
Hello, As you have mentioned that it is a disc bulge diagnosed via MRI and as it's a mechanical defect in spine, it should be better operated by a neurosurgeon and fixed. Furthermore, what you can do is to meet a physiotherapist to guide you regarding back / spine strengthening exercises, which are very helpful and specific for pain of sciatica. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You may have some soft tissue tumor like lipoma, neurofibroma or tumor arising from abdominal wall.  You should go for biopsy of your lump.  It will give you exact diagnosis. Then you should take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Hi, You need to be treated and followup regularly under a doctor with experience in treating blood disorders. Autoimmune hemolytic anemia maybe secondary to more serious underlying disorders like connective tissue disorders or lymphomas, etc. Hence, detailed investigation and also appropriate course of medicines is required. Steroids-usage by self without proper guidance can be dangerous. Take care
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Possibility of musculoskeletal pain is more likely. But better to get done ECG to rule out heart diseases because it is left sided chest pain. If ECG is normal then no need to worry about heart diseases. Avoid movements causing pain. Avoid heavyweight lifting and strenuous exercise. Avoid sudden jerky movements of chest. Apply warm water pad on affected areas. Take simple painkiller like paracetamol.Don't worry, you will be alright with all these. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.
HIT hank for asking to ChatDoctorI carefully red your history and I came on this conclusion that it may the acid reflexes, I would advise you to stop smoking if you are smoker, stop taking alcohol or coffee before going to bed avoid spicy food, and start proton pump inhibitor with domperidom (Omeprazole 40 mg +Domperidom) just one tab. At evening time at least for six weeks it will definitely come around and no need to worry, have nice day.
Hello Good Evening, According to your description, you seem to have a Lipoma at that site, which is a benign tumor composed of adipose tissue (body fat) and common in your age group. It is the most common form of soft tissue tumor. Lipomas are soft to the touch, usually movable, and are generally painless. But you find tender, possibly because of its site. In the management part you should go for Excision and Biopsy to confirm diagnosis and definitive treatment. Regards.
Preexisting liver disease, such as stenosis has not been thought to make patients more susceptible to Chat Doctor.  Even though you should avoid : Halo thane(anesthetic), Acetaminophen, Diclofenac, Sulfamethoxazole, Nitrofurantoin, Amoxicillin-clavulanic acid (Augmenting), Salicylates, rovafloxacin (Trojan). It is also important not to use alcohol and oral contraceptives during the recovery period.
Hi, Thanks for the query. I understand your concern.  The swelling on right side of throat can be inflamed tonsil....warm saline gargles / Chat Doctor. Over the counter pill of Ibuprofen 200 mg thrice after food can be taken for 2-3 days.  If there is no relief... you would need antibiotic. To be advised after health check up. Please consult your family physician(inform him about your pregnancy) Bleeding you had might be miner injury during brushing/ pregnancy gums inflammation, You can take vitamin C with vitamin B complex preparation for such bleeding.  Thanks
Hi, Thanks for writing in. There is electrical activity going on in the brain at all times. This is mapped by doing electroencephalogram which records the waves on the surface of the brain. When there is abnormal brain waves from a hyperactive area then it causes seizures and this is called epilepsy. Epilepsy is another name for seizure disorder. You have got seizures and the EEG is abnormal, therefore a detailed investigation using MRI scan brain is required. The abnormal EEG area should be studied in detail. The answers to your questions are the following.1. Sinusitis and seizures is not directly related. However, an infection from sinuses can rarely reach the brain and cause seizures. This is very rare.2. Menstrual cycles can be affected by medicines, illnesses and stress. The details of tablet are important to discuss this point3. It depends on which medicine is there in the tablet. Most medicines are taken after food but some might require to be taken before food.4. Sun stroke is an environmentally influenced condition and there should be sufficient history of going out in the hot sun. Sun stroke is a metabolic disorder and can lead to seizure or epilepsy.5. Epilepsy can be from many causes and if your EEG us abnormal then a cause in the brain must be looked for.6. Epilepsy and seizures are almost the same. Seizure is a single episode and epilepsy is usually for multiple episodes. A fall during first seizure is less likely to cause abnormal EEG and the seizure caused it.
Hello, Oral facial dystonia treatment includes the use of Chat Doctor.  Besides Botox and clonazepam. When medications fail to improve the condition, surgery (deep brain stimulation, selective enervation surgery) are taken into consideration. Discuss with your Neurologist about other treatment possibilities since the current treatment is failing to improve your issues. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi dear, I have gone through your question and understand your concerns. Delayed periods can be due to pregnancy, stress or hormonal disturbances like hypothyroidism, hyperprolactemia or polycystic ovarian disease. Negative urine pregnancy test rules out pregnancy. I will suggest you to get your hormonal profile done including thyroid and prolactin hormone levels, and ultrasound to confirm the diagnosis and get appropriate treatment. Hope you found the answer helpful. Wishing you good health. Chat Doctor.
Hi, I have studied your case. Traumatic injury can lead to bruise due to hematoma formation. If there is fracture in your thigh-bone then it is difficult to walk on you will need X-ray of thigh. Clinical examination is important to rule out thigh ligament injury these symptoms analgesic and medication can be started. Till time take medication like analgesic and apply crêpe bandage over thigh or use supportive splint. Do ice fomentation and rest to leg. Very rarely we need to Chat Doctor. Take precaution to avoid infection around hematoma. Hope this answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your queries. Wishing you good health. Take care.
Hello, Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor for posting your query. I have gone through your question in detail and I can understand what you are going through. Depression and burning mouth syn Chat Doctor.  You can take thyroid supplementation along with other medications. That will not lead to any significant interaction. For depression, you certainly need to take antidepressants along with thyroid supplements. Hope I am able to answer your concerns. If you have any further query, I would be glad to help you. In future if you wish to contact me directly, you can use the below-mentioned link:bit.ly/
Hi, I am Chat Doctor.  I have read your question with care and understand your concerns. Let me try to help you Question : I would just appreciate knowing the options. Answer : The way forward is to maintain his blood in such a level that it has enough anti coagulants to prevent thrombosis in the veins, but not enough anti coagulants to cause a bleeding in the brain There are few tests that will help us find about Blood Clotting These are called PT, apt, Into have to do Consult your doctor, do these tests, and titrate (increase or decrease the dose of his anti coagulant medications (blood thinner) so that the medications are enough to prevent his veins from clotting, but do not increase in the blood to such a level as to lead to bleeding in a brain This looks tricky, but there are lots of people who are in the same situation, and they are maintaining good quality of life by meticulous testing and adjustments of the doses Hope you found the answer helpful. If you need any clarification / have doubts / have additional questions / have follow-up questions, then please do not hesitate in asking again. I will be happy to answer your questions. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care.
Thinning of vertebra may be loss in height of vertebra or more of translucency as compared to normal bone texture on x-ray. Wonder what your radiologist really implies. It is better to wait till your consulting doctor sees X-ray himself. It is no use pondering before that. Unfortunately this website doesn't allow posting of X-ray, or other reports scans, otherwise things could be easier for us to give opinions on they can however, upload your X-ray after scanning and send me to my e-mail suniliskumar5@gmail.com
Hi, Despite washing towels and bedsheets which is a good idea, you can clean the eyes with naps with warm water witChatDoctoromile 3 to 4 time a day. In case this doesn't pass or is getting the worst then it may be a bacterial conjunctivitis and in this case the best way is to go to your doctor. Try to help the boy avoid touching the eyes with the hands. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi. I have gone through your query, and it seems the tooth has been extruded from its socket because of the injury. It is advisable if you consult a periodontist as soon as possible. Delay may lead to infection in the traumatized area and further may interfere with eruption of permanent tooth.  The possible line of treatment may be pulpotomy or extraction of the traumatized tooth followed by space maintainer.  Please consult a periodontist for better diagnosis and treatment plan. Thank you
It could be due to sinus bradycardia. Have you experienced any other symptoms such as dizziness or shortness of breath?
Hi, How are you? My name is Chat Doctor.  I am a Liver and Pancreas cancer specialist and I hope to answer your question today. I am so sorry to hear about your patients' diagnosis. The best treatment available for HCC is surgical resection. I understand that within a month of first surgery, there is recurrence of the tumor. This could either be due to incomplete surgery the first time, or due to rapid occurrence of a new tumor. The treatment will now depend on how fit the patient is, How much liver is left behind and what the quality of the remnant liver is. If the liver is normal (without cirrhosis), then I would do a repeat surgery to remove the tumor, provided the amount of liver left behind will be sufficient to carry out the functions. If by scanning, it appears that the remnant liver will not be sufficient, then there are various techniques like RFA, RACE, TARE etc. which can be considered. But still Surgery will be the first choice. Hope this helps and hope your patient starts to feel better. Please do not hesitate to contact me for further details. rxsuresh@gmail.comHave a great day
His understand your concern. I appreciate that you have given very nice history. I had gone through it and guess it may like you have depression. According to DSM 5 depression has required following features for at least 2 weeks. Low mood or sad mood with loss of interest in daily activities. Change in apatite or change in weight. Sleep disturbance. Somatic complains like lack of concentration/easily getting fatigue etc. It is psychological process and need proper evaluation. Early treatment will bring fast and better recovery. It can be treated with different modalities of treatment like medicines and counseling. In medicines SSRI/Escitalopram/sertraline can be useful. But take psychiatrist advise before taking any medicines. Sudden change in mood and thinking may require assessment. So consult psychiatrist and get help. Thank you. Wish you a very good health.
Hi thanks for the query. You may be having nausea either due to high progesterone levels in premenstrual period or due to iron in placebo pills of your pack or a combination of both these factors may be causing too much nausea. This is not normal to skip the period although, the period may be delayed. These pills can not change the results of pregnancy test. You may be feeling sick because of premenstrual period. Hope this information is helpful and informative to you. If you have further queries you can directly reach out to me on the following URL:http://doctor.ChatDoctor .com/doctors/ Chat Doctor.
Hi Kaye! Good afternoon. I am Chat Doctor answering your query. As per the history narrated by you about the swelling on the back of your friend, this seems to be a slow growing lump, which intermittently gets inflamed giving rise to pain. The common such swellings could be a Desmond, a colonial cyst, or a sebaceous cyst. However, it needs a physical examination of the lump and so, I would advise you to get it clinically assessed by a general surgeon along with related investigations for a definitive diagnosis and proper management. Till then, he could go for an anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor. I hope this information would help you in discussing with your family physician/treating doctor in further management of your problem. Please do not hesitate to ask in case of any further doubts. Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor to clear doubts on your health problems. I wish you an early recovery. Chat Doctor.
Hello welcome to Chat Doctor Elevated bilirubin levels indicates that your liver is not functioning properly, or it may elevate because of increased breakdown of red blood cells. You didn't mention other symptoms like pain in the abdomen.it is unrelated to your previous heart surgery.kindly consult physician and do all the liver function tests.and according to him do an ultrasound.hope you get satisfies with my answer. Thank you Chat Doctor.
Hello What you had mentioned asymptomatic. So the readings which you have mentioned are likely a false reading and machine error. Because it's possible for any person to have such low BP without any symptoms. One would have dizziness syncope etc. So I think no need to worry about it especially of you are not having any symptoms. And recheck the BP with arm lying relaxed and straight. There should not be a bend at elbow which may falsely lower the BP. Hope this helps you and get back if you have any doubts.  Regards
Hello Thanks for writing to us, I have studied your case with diligence. As per your history there is possibility of rib contusion or Costco Chat Doctor. Rib contusion is visible on X-ray. I will advise consulting to orthopedic surgeon. Medication like muscle relaxant and analgesic will reduce pain along with it use rib support belt. You may consult physiotherapist for pain management. He may start TENS, or ultrasound which is helpful in your case. Hope this answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your queries. If you find this answer helpful do not forget to give rating at end of discussion. Wishing you good health. Take care
Hi I think you should not worry about your antibody level if your thyroid profile is normal. What we can do is to test your baby for a thyroid profile just after birth and then if any treatment is required it can be given. You can try for pregnancy. Just go for an ultrasound to see the follicles count. If everything is normal you can try naturally for 6 months before taking any medical support. Hope I have answered your question. If you have any other query I will be happy to help.
Hi, You said your daughter 10-year-old, is having psoriasis vulgarism. There may be scaly plaques all over body. And that might have cause lot of distress. I can understand your feelings. You consult dermatologist and have perfect treatment. In my pediatric patients having psoriasis, I give methotrexate 2.5 mg 12 hourly three doses in a week.total 7.5 mg per week. I might give accretion 10 mg daily. Steroid combined with salicylic acid point might improve the disease.  If there is itching, levocetirizine may be given. Scalp psoriasis might respond to tar containing shampoo. Your daughter might improve after few months' treatment. I hope you got my answer. Thanks.
Hi, thanks for writing to Chat Doctor. The initial management of Spondylolisthesis is always conservative by the following measures -- Avoid excessive forward bending activities as it will worsen the disc protrusion as well as further forward slipping of the vertebra. If you want to bend forwards, do it with your hips and knees flexed.- Avoid lifting heavy weights as it imparts more strain on your back-Maintain optimum body weight, if you are obese. A faster progression of listless and higher chances of worsening are very common in obese individuals.- Use a lumbosacral back support to stabilize your spinal muscles and prevent further progression of the listless.- Use analgesic and muscle relaxants as needed. If you fail to improve with the above measures or if your symptoms are worsening in due course of time, then you may need a surgical fixation. Hope this information is helpful. Good day
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor, A lump in the groin near to the abdomen can be due to lymph node enlargement or soft tissue lesion. Lymph node enlargement can be due to infection, inflammation or neoplastic growth. Aspiration cytology of the lymph node needs to be done. In this investigation, the cells are aspirated from the lump, spread on glass slide and stained with appropriate stains. After studying the cells, the origin and nature of the lesion. Further management will depend on the result of the investigations. Thanks and take care Chat Doctor.
Hello, I can understand your concern. The white patch on the lips that can be wiped off leaving red area beneath can be fungal infection which should be treated with antifungal medication. Based on weight of the child, 3 mg/kg of weight dose of Fluconazole should be given once a day to cure this infection for 5-7 days. The black dots inside the cheek cannot be fungal infection. If they are painless, they might be moles or melanin pigmentation as they develop on the skin without causing any harm. You can ignore them. However, if pain develops or the dots ulcerate, then a dentist should be consulted for the clinical examination and further investigations and treatment. I hope this information helps you. Thank you for choosing Chat Doctor. Take care. Best,
Hi, Thanks for posting your query. Your X-ray report suggests age related changes in your low back. If you are not suffering from numbness or weakness in your lower limb(s) or able to sit for prolonged time then nothing to worry.1. Sleep over hard surface without using mattress,2. Avoid lifting weights by leaning forward or bending your back. Rather sit and lift the object,3. Exercises for strengthening your back muscles like lifting legs straight, bending legs over chest, pelvic bridging exercises - twice a day will help you.4. If the pain is acute, then a course of muscle relaxants and analgesics for a week will do. Please consult your doctor before following my advice. Hope this will help you. Feel free to ask me if you have any further queries. Wish you good health. Take care. Regards Chat Doctor.
Hello, I am sorry to hear about your painful situation and that you have no opportunity to see a dentist. The pain being intense indicates an infection or nerve exposure. Please go to an urgent care doctor or emergency room for an exam. Antibiotics can act as your better painkiller until you treat the source of the pain by seeing a dentist. Antibiotic, by prescription, can control the spread of the infection and avoid a worse scenario. You should be taking undone only by prescription and doctor recommending proper dose level for this condition. Controlling pain levels can require a higher dose. This Chat Doctor.  If you increase the dose, the pain will still return after a few hours. Use the lowest possible effective dose of medications. You should be aware that this is a narcotic with possible side effects and can be addictive if not taken properly. You now have taken two different narcotics that only offer relief for a few hours. I can recommend you try taking an acetominepin and ibuprofen combination at regular intervals to relieve pain. This assumes your medical history allows you to take these medications. Please seek care at an available practitioners clinic. I hope this is helpful, and you are able to feel better soon. Thank you for your inquiry. Both Canadian and Undone can be addictive. Codeine is a narcotic.
Hi, Just read through your details. Viral hepatitis as I understand can cause fever, but it will be good to know what is the state of her liver functions. You can help the doctor in diagnosis in many simple wallow grade fever in an 11-year-old can be due to so many causes. Record her temperature for 2 full days without giving any fever medications .show this temp record to your doctor, Write down and tick after all symptoms there are tests that can tell whether it is typhoid or not. Before treatment test blood for typhoid, test urine for infection, blood again for liver functions, ultrasound scan of abdomen .if fever is low grade, better to start treatment after the results which will be available in a day. I am sure with specific treatment her fever will subside .
Hi.well, because of the pain through which you have gone through you are suffering from anxiety-symptoms.nothing has happened to you after your marriage so far and hopefully nothing would.so don't get stressed. Visit a psychotherapist and then narrate your story.you may require some form of psychodynamic psychotherapy.also some medication may be useful if you consult a psychiatrist.so first don't worry.you will be fine.thanks.
HiT hank you for asking ChatDoctorI have gone through your query. Your problem is most likely due to fungal infection. If you send a picture of it then I can comment on it more. For fungal infections in my patients I treat with ointments witChatDoctorbination of antifungal like fluconazole, antibacterial like gentamicin and corticosteroid dexamethasone for local application. It is better to avoid irritants like soap for washing the genital area, and instead you can use warm water or saline. Hope this may help you. Let me know if anything is not clear. Thanks.
Hi, Dear,Good Evening from INDIA. Thanks for the query to Chat Doctor. I went through all the details of your query. On the details given by your query, In my opinion you suffer mostly from-on the facts there in-mostly you suffer from-a-Varicose vein with multiple lumpsb-with Venous eczema above the ankle. Recurrent cause with it is serious indication and indicates some infection with it. Consult ER doctor. Hope this would resolve your query. Welcome for any more query to Chat Doctor and ME, in this regard. Wishing you fast recovery. Write review ASAP with strong recommendations for Chat Doctor and for ME, for the benefit of other new and old patients. Have A Good Day. With Chat Doctor. N.
That sounds like impetigo. It's a highly contagious bacterial infection that can cause red sores and blisters on various parts of the body, including the nose.
Hello dear, Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. I read and understand your concern. I am Chat Doctor answering your concern. You have not mentioned the exact problem your mother is having. But I can predict she must be having pain. I advise you to take pantoprazole and dicyclomine. This will prevent the pain and discomfort. Please avoid the spicy food, it can cause further pain. If you are having mild pain than you can take the full glass of cold milk. It will neutralize acid in the stomach. I will be happy to answer your further concern on bit.ly/ Chat Doctor. Thank you, ChatDoctorInfectious diseases specialist, ChatDoctor.
Dear user. Welcome to Chat Doctor .the blood test is much more sensitive than the home urine test. So the first thing to do in your case is to have a quantitative Chat Doctor test in you blood. If the test is negative consider this as an abnormal event that happened due to any reason (stress for an example), and wait for the next cycle. If the test is positive, you should visit your doctor as soon as possible to identify the cause of bleeding and to exclude ectopic pregnancy. Although pregnancy is a remote possibility, but it should be excluded. I hope these words were useful to you. Good luck. Chat Doctor.
avascular necrosis is revascularization of femoral head (loss in blood supply), this causes bone part to become necroses (dead) and becomes susceptible to fracture collapse eventually, when partially necroses, it is very painful on weight-bearing or walking. X-ray shows it as denser area than surrounding or adjacent bone. Once the blood supply is impaired, complete necrosis follows in 6 months to 2 years. So salvage operations are done with prosthetic implants or weight shifting surgery. I hope your doctor has confirmed if it is indeed avascular necrosis. Arthritis is different, in hip, it doesn't lead to avascular necrosis but destruction of joint surfaces and reshaping of joint in later stages. We must be clear whether it is arthritis only or avascular necrosis as treatment varies.It's best to leave it to your orthopedic or hip surgeon to decide diagnosis and treatment. Yes, as you are advised physical therapy it maybe just arthritis, which is more readily manageable conservatively, unlike avascular necrosis which requires surgery more frequently best wishes
Hi, Avoid prolonged knee extension that is sitting in same position with your legs outstretched for long hours. As for the locking you can immediately use a hot pack for ten minutes and try to relax your muscles, what you are doing knee bending and straightening sounds perfectly fine. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. Shut Have, Physical Therapist or Physiotherapist
Hi there, Thanks for writing in. Initial 24-48 hours after any injury, it is best to use an ice pack intermittently. However, now the injury is almost a week old, in which case hot fomentation would be ideal. Apply a small quantity of pain relief gel like voting(diclofenac gel) to the affected region of the back. Do not massage or rub the gel too much. Just apply it lightly. After half an hour or so apply a hot water bag/ hot fomentation to the affected area. Do the above at least 3 times a day. Reduce the oral intake of ibuprofen gradually. Too much of this pain relief medication can cause gastritis. Hopefully you should be completely okay in another week or so. If the pain persists or increases in intensity, please visit your physician at the earliest... Hope this helps.
Hello, I have studied your case and I think that this can be an enlarged lymph node. It can be due to infection. I would also suggest you to show it to a breast expert, and he may advise you to get needle test or an ultrasound of the breast. It will give us final conclusion if you need any further treatment.  I hope this answer will be useful for you. Let me know if there is any other followup questions. Thanks
Hi, Thanks for posting your query. Let me know the cause of jaundice, his liver function test status, ultrasound imaging study. There may be chances of relapse in case of hepatitis A, Hepatitis B and obstructive jaundice. In obstructive jaundice, until unless the obstruction is relieved there is high chances of relapse. Vomiting may be due to liver dysfunction or may be due to upper gastrointestinal tract pathology. You should again consult with your treating doctors and take proper treatment. You should also take anti-emetics and potassium rich supplements. Keep keen eyes on the HY Chat Doctor. Take care,
HIT hanks for posting your query to Chat Doctor .  I personally feel that your pain is due to Gallbladder Sludge. Sludge increases the chances of stone formation and the stone and block the bile ducts and cause extreme pain (Colic) You said your AST is elevated. Cholecystitis can elevate AST but has any other blood tests done to look into other cause of elevated AST for example Hepatitis A, B,C E, Dengue infection. It would be more helpful if you could upload all the tests done so that I can advise you better.  But as of now even I feel a Cholecystectomy is the right option for you.
Hello! Thank you for asking on Chat Doctor! I would like to know your age. Do you have any family history for cardiac disease? Your symptoms may be related to a cardiac arrhythmia. Anxiety can not be excluded as a possible cause. I recommend consulting with your GP for a careful physical examination, a resting ECG, a chest x-ray and some blood lab tests (complete blood count, thyroid hormone levels, fasting glucose, kidney and liver function tests, blood electrolytes, etc.). An ambulatory 24-48 hours ECG monitoring is necessary to rule in/out a possible cardiac arrhythmia. Further, tests like a cardiac ultrasound should be done if the diagnosis of cardiac arrhythmia is confirmed. If all the above tests result normal, the most probable cause of your symptomatology would be just anxiety. Hope to have been helpful! Best regards,
Hello dear. Understand your concern. As you said, you are 14,when you implant. According to me its early age for implantation,maybe it can difficulties in the future. I think you have to take another method for contraception like condom, diaphragm,hormonal tablets & patches.... Implanon have some side effects like, bleeding,amenorrhea, nausea,dizziness, loss of appetite, headache,changes in libido, acne,depression, infection at implantation site, etc... I hope, this will guide you. Stay safe & healthy.thanks. Chat Doctor.
HelloThanks for asking query on Chat Doctor. Elevated SGPT may be due to multiple factors in your husband and needs evaluation along with treatment. Common causes could be - secondary to fatty liver, alcohol related, Chat Doctor.  I would suggest getting liver function test (LFT), Ultrasound of the abdomen to look for fatty liver and testing for hepatitis B and C. Depending on that specific treatment can be decided. Few common treatment goals are - to stop alcohol, increase physical exercise, good sugar control and reduce weight if obese. Take care.
Helloo.read through your query...I must say that pain now has been increased due Hoover exertion of your body.u must take rest for at least a week and till finishing your course of medication shouldn't do straining work...but don't worry.do take medicine prescribed by your dentist...do salt water gargle...take an analgesic now itself...don't bite with that side.don't touch with finger or tongue on that side... Chat Doctor. .don't do hard spitting and dislodge the clot.....be cool...and take rest...don't strain your body...body needs time for healing that injury(extraction area).so be happy and take care.hope your benefitted something from this reply.have a healthy day!!!
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor I can understand your concern. Possibility of aspirin induced gastritis and acid reflux is more but better to rule out cardiac chest pain first. So get done ECG and 2d echo first. If all these are normal then no need to worry about major heart diseases. Aspirin is known to cause gastritis and hyperacidity. So this will cause reflux of acid in the esophagus and this will give central chest and neck pain. So take antacid like proton pump inhibitor at present. Avoid aspirin tablet.  Chat Doctor.  Don't worry, you will be alright. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.
Okay, to confirm that you are going through menopause, I would recommend a pelvis exam and an examination of your breast to rule out any other potential causes. We would also need to run a lipid panel to check your cholesterol levels. Additionally, we may need to take a radiographic imaging procedure such as a mammogram or perform a complete physical skin exam and rectal examination to ensure everything is okay.
HI, Dear,Good Evening from INDIA, and Thanks for your query to Chat Doctor. I studied your query in-depth and understood your health concerns. Cause of the lump on spine-In your daughter nearing 1 yr-is -mostly a Lipoma/epidermis / Desmond?, which is noticed only with flexed spine. Hope this would help you to resolve your issue. Welcome for any further query in this regard. Wishing you earlier recovery. Good Day. With Regards Chat Doctor. N.
If X-rays been done for chest and spine and show no fracture perhaps you may have contusion of soft tissues, ligaments. Take ibuprofen 400 mg thrice a day after meals, Tramadol 100 mg SOS for severe pain, rest in bed and do hot fomentation avoiding all movements for 3-4 days. If muscle spasm is there then take chloraxazone tab 500 mg twice a day after meals. Take one pantoprazole 20 mg tab nonempty stomach once a day before breakfast daily
Hello, I have studied your case. There can be possibility of malignancy or metastatic lesion leading to disorientation and confusion. I will advise doing MRI spine and brain, and urine Ben Jones protein, and electrolyte. Hope this answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your queries. Wishing you good health. Take care
Dear Patient! I thank you for sharing your concerns with us on Chat Doctor!headache when you cough may be caused by a complication of the flu that is called sinusitis, an inflammation or congestion of head sinuses. So if this is the issue you have to take medications to treat sinusitis by your doctor. Just have a meeting with your treating doctor. I hope you'll get fast relief. All the best! Chat Doctor.
Hi! Thank you for choosing Chat Doctor ! Moles have various appearances. It can vary in color from light brown to black, or it can be flat or raised. Most of the moles are harmless, but there are a few which can be cancerous. We usually observe the changes in the color and the texture as well as the irregular borders. We ask if it bleeds when touched or itch or if it's painful. It is best to have this scene by a dermatologist so she or he can have a baseline.  She will measure the mole, take pictures so on your next visit, she has a point of comparison to check for changes. I hope I was able to help you. Sincerely, Handle Dulay-See, M.D. Pediatrics
Hello dear, I understand your concern. In my opinion as the condom broke there might be risk of pregnancy. My aim is not to make you tense but just giving you explanation.Don't worry. The risk might be there if it was your ovulation period otherwise the chances are rare. Anyways wait and check for the period. If at all the period is delayed consider doing a urine pregnancy test. Avoid stress. And check for the period. Best regards...
Angioplasty results after bypass surgery varies from patient to patient. But in general several studies revealed that there is 65-80% success rate of angioplasty in post-CABG (Bypass) patients. When these patients were followed over a period of next 30 months then about 70% of them were pain-free and had an improvement in angina. However, around 27% required repeat angioplasty with about 80% success rate while 15-20% were complicated by re-infarction and only 4-6% with cardiac death. In my opinion proceed with angiography to help determine the extent of blockage and to decide about the options available. Make sure the medications' compliance post-procedure as this is crucial. Stay blessed.
Hi, It seems that there might be having infection in belly button giving this problem. Due to perspiration and dust collected in belly button might give rise infection. There is another possibility of having granuloma. You might require one course of antibiotic for 3-5 days. Clean the part with cotton buds and apply antibiotic cream. Afterwards make a habit of cleaning of belly button while taking shower. Ok and take care.
Hi... Thank you for consulting in Chat Doctor. This is called evening colic and is quite common in this age group. This happens when the baby sucks at the breast very fast and in eagerness to Chat Doctor.  Unless the air comes out like burping or flatus this discomfort will be there and next time check if she is sucking too fast and gulping in air too. You will be more convinced. Usually I don't advice any medicines for this as they give only temporary relief. Hope my answer was helpful for you.  I am happy to help any time. Further clarifications and consultations on Chat Doctor are welcome. If you do not have any clarifications, you can close the discussion and rate the answer. Wish your kid good health.
Welcome to Chat Doctor I have gone through your query and understand your concern. You can help yourself by vitamin supplements such as vitamin B, c and d. You can help yourself by exercises. But weakness due to polio is likely to remain as such. You can discuss with your treating Doctor about it. Hope I have answered your query. If you have any further questions then don't hesitate to writing to us. I will be happy to help you. Wishing you good health. Take care.
Dear Ajay, You have two level disc degeneration, which is probably the cause of your back pain. Do you have any leg pain also or is it only back pain you are suffering from? If it is only back pain, then treatment will be mostly in the form of physiotherapy. You can take a short, continuous course of pain medications, but definitely not for long time as they are harmful. You should avoid treadmill and weight training exercises. They will do more harm to your back. Swimming or stationary cycle is good. Surgery is the final answer to this kind of problems, and usually gives good result, however you are very young to have this kind of surgery, also you need to try a proper course of physiotherapist to see the real benefit out of it. Hope this helps.
Hi, thank-you for providing the brief history of your songs he had a fall and post that having bleeding from nose and on high fever now. You should have monitored him closely and look for any other signs or symptoms. As when someone falls and have a direct hit on the head, the brain gets concussion within the skull and if it is high concussion then there might be bleeding internally whicChatDoctores out from nose, ear etc. If bleeding stops then not much to worry. His fever is a protective mechanism and brain is healing his body against the fall. But a close monitoring is good. Also, having an assessment in the ER is not at all a bad idea. RegardsJay In Chat Doctor.
Hi there, Thanks for your query. The rashes are nothing but allergic urticaria rashes, apparently due to amoxicillin. Ensure that amoxicillin is not prescribed in future to your son. Always tell his doctor about sulfa and amoxicillin allergy. A short course of an oral antihistamines Chat Doctor. Consult your doctor and apprise him of my opinion. I am certain that he will agree with me and substitute amoxicillin with a safer antibiotic; and also prescribe anti-allergic
Hello, As you are 18 we cannot suspect some major pathology for your health. I think this pain can be related to the tight inner clothes. It happens due to compression over the shoulder level and rib level as well. At shoulder level, there is a muscle called the Trapezius which can undergo spasm with tight inner. As the symptoms have come only once or twice we need to wait and see because major symptoms are more frequent than once a while. Kindly wear loose inner or little relaxed ones which has more flexibility. This should help. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Jay In Chat Doctor.
Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. He may have some enlarged lymph node. It can be due to reactive hyperplasia, tuberculosis or lymphoma.  Hr should take a course of antibiotics. If it doesn't respond to treatment then biopsy diagnosis is advisable. Consult your doctor and take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. In my opinion she can try medical marijuana, as nothing else is working well in her case. Its effect is decreasing pain, rather than decrease cancer cell growth. So this can give good feeling subjectively. She can also try transdermal patch of fentanyl. It is centrally acting opioid Chat Doctor.  Its action lasts for 72 hours. So better and longer pain relief can be achieved. So she can take medical marijuana. Also ask her to try transdermal patch of fentanyl.
Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor .com I am Chat Doctor. Mariano Into Bruno Mascaras, and I am here to help you. I have read your question with care and understand your concerns.  The report says "At the L4-L5 there is a large disc extrusion, this extends 1.2 cm to lie posterior of the superior part of L5 and 7 mm from the posterior margin of the vertebral body and is compressing on the thecal sac. " This condition may be treated with rest, physiotherapy and exercises for some time, but eventually, he will require surgery. Disc Bulge where Annulus is not torn can be managed by conservative treatment Disc Extrusion, where Nucleus Pulposus is extruded and is pressing on the neural components require surgery sooner or later Hope you found the answer helpful. If you need any clarification / have doubts / have additional questions / have follow-up questions, then please do not hesitate in asking again. I will be happy to answer your questions. Best Wishes for Speedy Recovery Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care.
Hello! Thank you for the query. Such lump is most likely a hematoma. Due to recent injury some small veins have gotten ruptured, so the blood has appeared under the skin. Such hematoma if it is large enough, can not be absorbed by itself. Moreover, it may get infected and turn into painful abscess. That is why I suggest your daughter to consult a doctor and have it Chat Doctor.  In case of any doubts, soft tissues' ultrasound should be done. Hope this will help. Regards.
Hello DianeThanks for writing to us. Cervical mucus would be long and stringy during the ovulation period, as you obviously know. It would coincide with rise in body temperature. Semen would liquefy minutes after intercourse, so it would not be stringy and would not elongate like a thread between your fingers, but would be runny like water. The smell also is distinctive As you are eagerly trying to conceive, I would advise the use of ovulation detection kits or follicular monitoring by ultrasound. Take care.
Hi thanks for asking question. The azithromycin Chat Doctor. So you have these symptoms because of author. With finishing course of azithromycin now you will recover from this side effect. For vomiting, you can take risperidone. As far as bronchitis is concerned you have to do your chest x-ray. CBC also helpful. The prophylactic antibiotic may need for bronchitis acute case. If chronic case of bronchitis then such obstructive disease has to be ruled out by pulmonary function test. And accordingly it is treated.Meanwhile, avoid smoking and don't take stress.
I read your question and your concern about your friend may I ask that * is she having fever?in my opinion I would suggest that she must see her doctor as early as possible to take culture of that bloody/yellow discharge/material as it looks like that your friend is getting infection in her scar and she must be giving broad spectrum antibiotics as early as possible hope my answer will satisfy you good luck and TC
Hello, Thanks for using Chat Doctor. I read your query and understand your concerns. In my view you need to visit a neurologist as soon as possible if you are above 50 years of age as it may be TIA if you have the risk factors for same. In case you are middle age women the chance of panic attack is high according to your description and seeking psychiatric help will be appropriate. For the treatment of panic attacks both benzodiazepines and SSRI are effective and routinely recommended for same. Your psychiatrist may also choose psychotherapy for treatment of panic attacks. Other than when you get it stop Chat Doctor.  It will be in interest of your safety and health. Thanks and regards
Hi, 10 to 20 per cent of people with bipolar disorder may have rapid cycling, and it is probably more common in people with the form of bipolar disorder sometimes referred to as bipolar II (those that experience less severe highs).  Diagnosis of rapid cycling bipolar disorder can be difficult. In adolescents, it can be mistaken for conditions such as ADHD. Treated with Lithium or Aborigine according to the body weight and episodes. Please consult your psychiatrist he will examine and treat you accordingly. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi Friend ... Welcome to Chat Doctor Your query is likely to be infectious origin leading to chronic sinusoidal headache appearing as migraine. I suggest you to get prescribed for Fluticazone nasal spray and Montelukast with Levocetrizine for 5 days.NSAIDs helps in relieving headache. Stay away from dust and cold for a month, and you will see improvement in your health condition. I advise you to have an ophthalmologist opinion for red painful eye for sclerites / Glaucoma or infectious condition by bacteria or virus. Hope I Provided useful information. Wishing you a speedy recovery. Take Care.
Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thank you for your query. I am Chat Doctor, I understand your concerns and I will try to help you as much as I can. Yes it is possible. In most cases it can be regulated by medications which include insulin supplements and enzymes for digestion Also alcohol is forbidden in these cases, and you should eat less fatty food, less sugar and more vegetables and boiled food. Also, avoid cytotoxic medications. Eat a balanced and healthy diet and get regular exercise. Limit high-carb foods such as bread, grits, rice, potatoes, and corn. And cut down on Chat Doctor.
Hello, Thanks for using Chat Doctor. I had gone through the data you have posted. Kindly tell us what was the ECG showing at the time of your chest pain before undergoing angiogram. As angiogram was normal, so there is possibility of VASOSPASTIC angina also known as PRIMEVAL angina, where there will be diffuse spasm of coronary arteries which cause decrease flow in blood vessel rather than block in case of atherosclerosis. So in primeval angina Angiogram may show normal arteries. To know whether your heart muscle was damaged or not you may need to undergo tests like 2 Echo, PET CT heart, dobutamine stress echo which can accurately tell information about damaged myocardium. Hope this helps.
Hi. Thanks for your query. The lump of the size of the rubber eraser on the pencil, which does not move and tender only on deep palpation, and is situated on the mastoid bone is a lymph node unless proved otherwise. You can get an FNAC. See for the Dan Chat Doctor.  These lymph nodes are very resistance to get regressed fully. If you are too much bothered you can certainly get this removed and send it for histopathology examination.
Hi Pahlavi, Cerebral Atrophy is a common feature of many of the diseases that affect the brain which means loss of brain cells which is nothing but loss of neurons and connections between them. It can be generalized where all the brain has shrunk, or it can be focal affecting only a small area of brain and resulting in a decrease of the brain function. The exact life expectancy cannot be predicted but depends upon the cause like, stroke, Alzheimer's disease. I wish him Good Health.
Hi,Ovipure-5000 contains human chorionic gonadotropin which stimulates the corpus luteum (ovary) to produce progesterone to support and maintain the pregnancy and thus can prevent miscarriage. Based on the history you seem to have a miscarriage for which your doctor has advised you to take it. Continue taking it as prescribed. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hello, I have studied your case and I do not think that hematoma stays for such long time. Most of the time they get absorbed in three weeks to three months. As you are no longer on blood thinner I would suggest you to get ultrasound guided aspiration of the thigh and Chat Doctor.  If there is again recurrence then you need to check your blood investigations. I hope this answer will be helpful for you. Let me know if there is any other followup questions. Thanks
Based on your symptoms, it's possible that you're suffering from Cryptococcosis, which is a fungal infection that can affect several parts of the body, including the central nervous system, lungs, skin and genital area. I recommend we run some tests to confirm the diagnosis.
Hello. The position in which your spine is least loaded is the lateral decubitus position, where in you lie down on your side with your legs folded 60-90 degrees at the hip and knee joints. Make sure to support your neck with a firm pillow to keep it straight. I suppose you could be comfortable travelling this way in business class. About the accommodation... I think the type of mattress ...firm/soft doesn't really matter much. Otherwise, things that are proven to help your pain in the long term are exercises, physio-TENS and acupuncture. Hope this helps.
Hello, Thanks for writing to from description, it seems you might develop muscular or ligamentous strain or sprain over back. Now after one year if it persists, I would suggest getting this evaluated by an orthopedic for an accurate diagnosis and appropriate management. You may get the MRI of the area affected under his/her guidance. I do hope that you have found something helpful, and I will be glad to answer any further query.
Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor .com I am Chat Doctor. Mariano Into Bruno Mascaras. I have gone through your query with diligence and would like you to know that I am here to help you. Question : What causes burning sensation on left knee and shin-bone post back surgery? Answer : This is probably Arachnoids or Neuropathy. You need to do a Nerve Conduction Study and Clinical Examination of Power, Sensation, Reflexes to Narrow down the diagnosis Hope you found the answer helpful. If you need any clarification / have doubts / have additional questions / have follow-up questions, then please do not hesitate in asking again. I will be happy to answer your questions. In the future, for continuity of care, I encourage you to contact me directly in Chat Doctor at http://bit.ly/ask
Hi thanks for contacting Chat Doctor ... Your liver enzymes are slightly high ... Your cholesterol values are not much higher . It is borderline.... Here you can consult physician for your examination and accordingly investigation. Your USG abdomen done.... If it shows fatty liver or gall stone like condition then it might be the cause. For which more fruits and green leafy veg taken... Udiliv tablet can be given... If you have any positive cardiac history, muscular problem, cytomegalovirus like condition then also it can be high. Hope your concern solved... Avoid alcohol if habit... Take care.
Hello and thanks for writing in Chat Doctor forum. As per the history posted here, it appears that there is a cavity formed in your teeth. As it is a bacterial infection, it requires proper antibiotic coverage and painkillers for next three to five days. You must visit your dentist and get it examined clinically. A simple dental x-ray will give you the extent of damage caused. Based upon which treatment can be planned by your dentist. Hope it helps. Thanks. Take care.
Hi...dear Nashua., Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor., ACNE ...it is medical term., normally called Pimples., it is infection of Sebaceous glands unit., due to hyperactivity of Hormones.,1) Frequent washes with Acne soap...FAST BAR...,2) Topical application of Clindamycin 1% (DECLINE NATO -Camila)., nighttimes., Morning times SUNSCREEN LOTION is mandatory.,3) Tab. Isotretinoin 20 mg daily for 2 months., after 1 month gap...again start this course., ok...than
Hi, As per your query you have symptoms of itchy painful rash on ankles, thighs, hands and elbows which occur because of allergic reaction and could be due to the outbreak of viral infection.  Need not worry. I would suggest you maintain complete hygiene and apply a cream containing atelier acid which is good for use. Apply aloe vera gel at night. If the condition doesn't get well in a week then consult a dermatologist for proper examination and treatment. The doctor may prescribe antibiotics like minocycline, steroid ointment. You should apply Melanie XL cream which is a combination of HY Chat Doctor.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi, Thank you for the query. Pain after the removal of multiple teeth is common but doe snot persist for long time. Primary healing will take place in 1 to 2 days which will almost relieve the pain. If the extracted area is well maintained and medication taken properly maybe it is through IV line or oral your pain will be relieved. Yes, if the extraction is associated with more trauma or infection present in the teeth then the healing will be delayed, and you might end up with pain for longer time might be for a week. See your dentist to rule out if there is formation of Chat Doctor.  Hope this information helps you. Take care.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. No need to worry about heart diseases because your extensive cardiac work up is normal, and you are too young (23 years) for heart diseases. Also, no need to worry about lung diseases as your chest x-ray is normal. Sometimes, musculoskeletal cause can also cause left sided chest discomfort. So avoid heavyweight lifting and strenuous exercise. Avoid movements causing pain. Avoid bad postures in sleep. Apply warm water pad on affected areas. Take painkiller like ibuprofen if required. Avoid stress and tension if you are having stressful life. Don't worry, you will be alright with all these. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your situation and problem. In my opinion you are mostly having either infected boil or infected sebaceous cyst. Anal area is full of hair, and it is having a lot of moisture through sweating and all. So possibility of skin infection is high if proper hygiene is not followed. So better to consult doctor and get done clinical examination of swelling. Since it is whitish, possibility of pus is more. So you may need aspiration of pus and antibiotic treatment with surgical Chat Doctor.  For all these, better to consult doctor. Also avoid too much moisture and keep proper hygiene of anal region.
Dear Bit, i perfume that you father memory and other higher mental functions like cognition speech etc. were normal before 60 yrs of age. Then this looks like a case of Alzheimer Type DEMENTIA, which is usually treated with first line medication as DONEPEZIL which in a way acts as a booster (prevents destruction of Neurotransmitter inside the brain). And Ct scan won't show anything unless he has some problems like an Evolving stroke which is unlikely. MRI however could Determine Changes in his Grey matter which may point to the cause. No Need to do check for UTI if he doesn't have any trouble in urinating do not complain of pain while urinating. Hope this Helped you Thank you
Hello, Thank you for asking at Chat Doctor. I went through your history and would like to make suggestions for you as follows:1. First, I would suggest you not to manipulate treatment without checking with doctor. It can be really harmful to change dose/timings of medications by self.2. Common cause of asthma-like illness at 9 months of age is viral infection. So temperature can go up and down due to infection itself. Correlation of temperature with dosage of medicines may be a co-incidence.3. Some cough syrups/medications for respiratory illnesses may contain Chat Doctor.
Hi, How are you doing ? Among these only Matilda ER is safe when you are trying for & during pregnancy. Colospa & Sensual are not recommended for those trying for pregnancy & during pregnancy. You will have to meet your Physician or Gynecologist to get a better alternative. To improve your chances of pregnancy, see if any of the following investigations are pendingHusband- Semen analysis at least 2- done 4 weeks apart preferably in an infertility center (examination done by an Chat Doctor.  So check with HSG(X-ray with dye), or SSG (Scan with dye) or Laparoscopy all this done & found normal, nothing can stop a pregnancy with Gods will Hope I have clarified your queries, do write back if anymore queries all the best
Hi Right sided lower abdominal pain can be due to Appendicitis, Right sided kidney stone, Right ovarian cyst etc. But, a 2cms cyst will not cause such pain. As kidney stones are ruled out on scan, it can be Appendicitis. Unless appendix is grossly enlarged, it cannot be seen in ultrasound scan. Sometimes, after surgery there will be adhesions, and it may cause pain intermittently. If there is distension of abdomen, vomiting and constipation, surgery should be done. Get a CT scan abdomen for correct diagnosis. My first possibility is AppendicitisWish you good healthRegards
Hi, Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Feeling like electric shock may be due to nerve involvement. I hope you are not taking any Chat Doctor.  You can do regular proper exercise and avoid any unusual posture or pressure on that knee. Get done one EEG and EKG one to rule out any other cause. Consult your doctor once for examination and management. Hope I answered your question. Feel free to ask me if you have any further queries. Wish you good health. Take care. Regards
Thanks for using Chat Doctor! You have to do some investigations to come to some conclusion. You haven't mentioned your age, also, whether your UTI in past was diagnosed, with which investigations. Now, you should do Urine culture & sensitivity, Renal Function Tests, Sr. Uric Acid, CBC, Ultrasound PUB & X-ray PUB. Further management depends on these investigations, Consult your Urologist with the reports. Till then, you may take, with your doctors' opinion, antispasmodics, analgesics, tamsulosin & diuretics (if required), antibiotics (as per reports). Chat Doctor.  2-3 liters/day. Hope this explanation is satisfactory for you. Wish you a healthy life ahead. Regards.
Hi, Thanks for writing to Chat Doctor.15.7% eosinophils (Eosinophilic) indicate allergic conditions and cough suggests eosinophilic bronchitis caused due to allergic or parasitic infections. Kindly consult a physician regarding antiallergic medications like ;Mast cell stabilizers - sodium cromoglycate, montelukastantihistamines- cetrizinekindly get an x-ray of the chest and Immunoglobulin levels checked for further treatment. If there is parasitic infection, the parasite causing the disease has to be treated. Regards Chat Doctor.
Hi, I had gone through your question and understand your concerns. I personally recommend icing it for the first 48 hrs with topical gel massaging or physiotherapy is helpful, 2 Advil tab after meals, muscle relaxants like Thiochochicoside. You may take this remedy for 3 to 4 days would be effective. Please click THANK YOU and consider a 5-star rating with some positive feedback if the information was helpful. Hope the above information helps you. If you have any further clarifications feel free to ask.
Hi Hope this message finds you in good health. I have gone through your query in detail and understand your concern.IT CAN BE A INFLAMED NERVE DUE TO LIFTING OF THE BOX.TAKE REST, SPLINT, ANTI-INFLAMMATORY TABLETS AND METHYCOBAL TABLETS WILL HELP.LOCAL GEL AND HOT FOMENTATION WILL RELIEVE THE PAIN.GET AN X-ray/MRI DONE Hope your query has been answeredNothing to worry about, You should eventually get back to normal. Get back to me for any FOLLOW-UP QUERIES anytime. Kind Chat Doctor. .(MBBS, MS,MCH)
Hi, Since you already have chronic kidney disease stage-3, now you are experiencing swelling, shortness of breath and weight gain. All these symptoms could be related to your kidney problem. You need to have some tests done which are renal functions test urine for albumin creatine ratio/24 hour urine for protein quantification. You also need to visit nephrologist for further treatment as well. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi dear, As per your query you are suffering from vertigo. The symptoms you mention in query occur due to wide range of reasons like migraines, head injury, certain medications, ear infection, condition like deniers disease and due to cervical spondylosis. So I would suggest you to consult ENT specialist to get examination with the help of tests like rotatory chair test, prong test, examination with horoscope. Doctor may prescribe antiemetic Chat Doctor. For now I would like to suggest you some home remedies
Hi, Thanks for writing in. Sometimes it can get difficult on deciding the treatment of a patient having cancer with metastasis like your father. Chemotherapy can prolong survival in TCC with metastasis. It is important to know accurate details of the tumor in bladder and metastasis location. If the patient is asymptomatic then it is possible to further extend his survival by giving chemotherapy. Chemotherapy agents that have shown activity in metastatic bladder cancer include paclitaxel, docetaxel, ifosfamide, gallium nitrate, and gemcitabine and these are promising as they extend the survival of the patient even with metastasis. I suggest you discuss in detail with the second oncologist and then take an informed decision. Pain relief is an important part in treating cancers and this assumes a greater significance in those with metastasis. Pain relief is given using a step approach and that much of pain relief is given which can allow the patient to stay in comfort. Pain relievers are usually opioids and controlled medications.
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor, A soft lump between vagina and inner thigh could be due to enlargement of inguinal lymph node. A clinical assessment of the lesion is necessary for treatment. Thus, you will have to consult your doctor. In addition, an aspiration cytology of the lump is also required. Aspiration cytology is an office procedure wherein cells are aspirated using a needle, cells are spread on a glass slide and stained wit appropriate stain. The cells are examined under microscope. This investigation determine the site and nature of the lesion. Depending on the type of lesion, appropriate management is planned. Enlargement of inguinal lymph nodes is common after genital tract or urinary tract infection / inflammation. Thanks and take care Chat Doctor.
Hello madam, thanks for writing to us, as per your above-mentioned symptoms the pain site can be a cause of concern. The reason for pain in that area could be either for some pathology in the ovary or in the kidney of left side. But this can only be confirmed after a USG of abdomen done, therefore I would request you to go for the above-mentioned investigation along with other regular investigations.  Thank you and wish you good health
Welcome at Chat Doctor I have gone through your query and being your doctor I completely understand your health concerns.... Are you having jaundice? Any history of fever?  Based upon the history I don't think the medicines which you have used have caused it. In my opinion it is most probably due to the ingestion of alcohol intake. You should get your gamma GT levels done and meet hepatologist.you should also get your ultrasound done to look for the texture of liver, is it fatty or not?  Hope your query is adequately answered Regards Chat Doctor.
Your cough might be related to your spinocerebellar ataxia. It is a genetic disorder that affects your coordination and balance, and can also lead to muscle weakness and problems with speech and swallowing.
Thanks for your query, I have gone through your query. The reason for swelling could be because of the persistent infection or its relative feeling of swelling secondary to the numbness. The numbness in the lip and chin could be because of the trauma to the nerve during injection of the local anesthesia, or it can be because of pressure caused by any cyst or tumor on the nerve ending. Clindamycin will clear the infection, but it will not solve the numbness problem. You can take nerve regenerating Chat Doctor.  But you have to rule out the cause of numbness so consult your oral physician and get a radiograph done. I hope my answer will help you. Take care
Hellenes, pain may be related to ovarian cyst. You need ultrasound of abdomen so that present size of cyst and its current status can be known. Ultrasound can also exclude other possibilities of pain abdomen. You may need CA 125 estimation and contrast CT scan of abdomen. If symptoms are due to ovarian cyst the surgical removal can be considered. Treatment depend upon findings. You should consult gynecologist. Get well soon. Take Care Chat Doctor.
Hello dear! I can understand your concern as I am a mother too. It feels heartbroken to see your child in misery. I would advise you to make a diet chart based on her caloric requirement according to her current weight and considering the ideal weight at this age. Suppose at this age, she should have a weight of at least 35 kg, which I am sure she wont be. So you should start with LEAST 60% of the required calories of this weight that is 1800 calories (60% would be around 1000 calories)I am making a sample of diet chart which you can give to her and gradually increasing calories. Starting from 8 am give her whole egg in the form of a purée made with poring egg in about 5 ounces of boiled milk and gradually stirring with a whisk.it will be like a custard. Add in 2 teaspoons of sugar and a Chat Doctor. At 10 am you can give chicken stock made with about a 100 gm of chicken in water with selected spices like black pepper or paprika and salt, whichever she likes.it will provide around 150 calories save the meat of chicken and blend it with a cup of wheat cereal with a little stock if remaining)it will provide around 250 calories. At 12 noon you can give about a cup of rice pudding made with 4-5 ounces of boiled rice and 8-10 ounces of milk with added sugar if she likes and a cardamom to enhance the flavor. It will provide around 200-250 calories.at 2 pm you can give her mashed veggies like a mashed potato medium-sized.you can also grill with butter and sprinkle some salt and then mesh it with chicken stock or milk or anything you like. It will provide around 150 calories and with added butter and stock around 250-300 calories. At 4 pm repeat the wheat and chicken stock (wheat cereal/oatmeal is high in fiber to avoid constipation). At 6 pm give her banana shake.2 bananas in 5-6 ounces of milk, it will provide around 200 calories. At 8 pm give her lentil soup (about 100 grams) with selected spices. It will provide around 250 calories in almost a cup of 5-6 ounces. At 10 pm repeat rice pudding At 12 midnight give her warm milk about 5-6 ounces with a tablespoon of olive oil. It will enhance the calories and relieve constipation. Hope it will help. You can always make variations in the diet with the choice of ingredients. Wishing your child good health :-)
Thanks for your query. I have gone through your query. The white and red spot could be because of the trauma resulting in an ulcer and a white hyperkeratotic area due to chronic irritation. It can be candida infection also consult you oral physician and get yourself examined to rule out these conditions and meanwhile you can take topical anesthetic and analgesics to reduce the pain. Later if it is confirmed that it is fungal infection then you can start with topical antifungals like candid mouth paint. I hope my answer will help you. Take care
Hello dear, thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your mothers situation and problem. Since, she had history of minor heart attack and stressful life, better to rule out heart disease first for her symptoms. So get done1. ECG2. 2d echo. If both are normal then no need to worry about cardiac cause. Chest tightness is mostly due to stress and anxiety. So ask her to avoid stress and tension. Be relax and calm. She may need anxiolytic Chat Doctor. So don't worry, she will be alright.
Based on your symptoms, it seems like you have acute stress reaction.
Hello, Ammonia is the end product of the metabolism of nitrogen-containing compounds, is neurotoxic at elevated concentrations. Normally liver clears almost all the ammonia by converting it into glut amine and urea preventing entry into the systemic circulation. In advance liver disease or cirrhosis, the level of blood ammonia increases due to impaired liver function and shunting of blood around the liver. In addition, muscle wasting may increase ammonia level since muscle is also an important site for ammonia removal. So, when the liver is damaged, excess of ammonia can build up in the bloodstream and affect the function of the nervous system resulting in hepatic encephalopathy. So, excess of ammonia enters into systemic (blood) circulation causing The excess level of ammonia can be reduced by giving laxative (Lactulose) to prevent bacteria in the intestines from creating ammonia and by certain antibiotics such as Aureomycin or Rifaximin which kill the bacteria which produce ammonia in the gut. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
It seems like you might have preeclampsia, a pregnancy-related condition that causes uterine contractions, high blood pressure, and damage to organs. It's important to seek medical attention right away to manage the symptoms and ensure the safety of both you and your baby.
first you should get your blood test done called as "coagulation profile"sounds like your blood has got thinner than normal which is the cause of bleeding. This ultimately can lead to anemia. Also get FBC done to check your He levels, if it's too low then you might need some blood transfusion. Also, a proper workout should be done what's causing your blood to get thin. Are you taking any blood thinner medications?
Hello dear, Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. I read and understand your concern. I am Chat Doctor answering your concern. Your condition is we can describe is performance pressure. You are feeling pressure in performance. The very natural way to cure such a problem is self-confidence. Please develop good confidence that you are surely going to perform in a good way. Never allow bad thinking to come into your mind. You can get a good counselling from the psychiatrist. Secondly if by chance you are still not able to achieve it than you can take the sildenafile citrate tablet. It is the aphrodisiac and can give you good reaction.Sometimes this problem can be seen with only single partner in such a case positive counselling is necessary. I will be happy to answer your further concern on bit.ly/ Chat Doctor. Thank you, ChatDoctorInfectious diseases specialist, ChatDoctor
Thank you for using Chat Doctor .it would depend on if any one of you develop symptoms. If you have a strong immune system, you probably won't develop anything. But if you develop any symptom after contact (fever, cough, etc.), better consult with your doctor and don't forget to tell them about the MRSA to give you the proper medication. Sincerely, Mark Rosario MD general pediatric / pediatric Pulmonology
First you have to confirm it is ring worm because unless we have proper diagnosis there no any use of unnecessary treatment. So my opinion is that take appointment of doctor on priority basis & confirm the thing is ringworm. If it is ringworm then it is transferred to other person only by intimate contact & for getting infected patient must be susceptible. It is not transferred by airborne route & if proper hygienic precautions are taken. If the ring worm is confirmed only topical therapy (local application) will not be sufficient & you should have to take oral antifungal such as Terminating plus local antifungal application such as itraconazole. (for detail therapy consult your dermatologist) My advice is that do not use bleach as it may not be helpful in ringworm infestation instead use one of the above said antifungal cream.
Hello. Thank you for asking at Chat Doctor. I went through your history. I would like to ask you about your symptoms in great detail, like - what are the activities that precipitate itching & rashes, whether they occur without any activity as well, whether you have any other medical conditions, whether you are taking any other medicines on regular basis, whether you have any other allergies, etc. etc. However, from your history, I would first think of what we call "Cholinergic urticaria". It is not exactly due to "allergy", rather it is due to some physical factors which causes rashes and itching. Were I treating you, I would suggest you as follows:1. Please avoid exercises and activities causing excessive sweating, if possible.2. Please avoid bathing in hot water, sauna baths, exposure to hot temperatures, etc. However, if any of these does not cause you symptoms, you can continue with it.3. I would suggest you to avoid hot beverages, alcohol and hot-spicy foods as much as possible.4. If you are having mental/emotional stress, I would suggest you regular meditation and stress reduction techniques as it also can be aggravating your symptoms.5. If you are not comfortable with cetirizine, I would personally suggest you to take ketotifen, which works better for these types of urticaria.6. Please do not scratch when you itch, it will only aggravate itching. You can apply lotion on itchy areas. An important thing I want to mention here is please do not think of "addiction" of antihistamines. These types of urticaria usually last for several years. So as long as you have symptoms, you need to take antihistamines like cetirizine. Hope above suggestions will be helpful to you. Wish you the best of the health. Should you have any further query, please feel free to ask at Chat Doctor. Thank you & Regards.
Hi you're having electric shock like sensation along the spine n this increases on coughing n sneezing. This all happened after playing basket ball. Probably I suspect this to be a kind of articular or neurogenic pain caused secondary to injury to the spine which would have resulted in cervical disc prolapse causing spinal cord compression. For this u need to take absolute bed rest for 3-5 days, wear a hard cervical collar n take medications like tab Myosins 1 tab twice daily for 5 days n tab antacid one tab before breakfast for 5 days. If it doesn't Susie consult a neurosurgeon n he will advise u an X-ray cervical spine n if you require an MRI if u have any weakness or continuing pain.
Hello! Thank you for asking on Chat Doctor! Regarding your concern, I would explain that your symptoms could be related to an infection or allergic reaction. Do you have pain or toothache? I would recommend consulting with your dentist for a careful physical exam. A complete blood count would help determine the presence of infection. Allergy tests may be needed in case an allergic reaction is suspected. Hope to have been helpful! Kind regards,
Hello, and I hope I can help you today. Nausea and vomiting are common in early pregnancy, and an orange to ensure vomit may indicate blood. The fact that you have Crohn's disease and Rh negative blood is not really relevant at this point in pregnancy however if you cannot hold down food and are becoming deny Chat Doctor.  Your best bet if you do not yet have health insurance is to go to a local emergency room and see a doctor there to make sure that you are okay, and they can possibly prescribe some antinausea medicine for you to take. If you cannot hold down any solids or liquids during this period it is also important that you seek emergency care, because you may be very deny
Hello. Thank you for writing to us at Chat Doctor Since you seem to have a generalized involvement with psoriasis; this type of involvement is also known as erythrodermic psoriasis Or unstable psoriasis. This type of psoriasis involvement is associated with thermoregulatory as well as metabolic complications as a result of the lack of normal temperature regulatory functions of the skin as well as loss of proteins, and fluids from the skin. In general unstable forms of psoriasis like erythrodermic, pustular psoriasis is managed conservatively with topical emollients and Oral / Systemic Immunosuppressive like Methotrexate, Cyclosporin etc. Before starting on PVA, patients skin is tested for the tolerable effective dose of PVA, known as MED (minimal erythema dose). The starting dose of PVA is then calculated as 75% of MED. However, if all the skin is already red, there cannot be an accurate determination of MED. Therefore, if inadvertent higher doses of PVA are given in erythrodermic psoriasis without calculating MED, PVA can further irritate the skin and therefore is not the first choice amongst dermatologist in unstable psoriasis. Nevertheless, PVA can be given in low doses along with other systemic treatment like methotrexate, cyclosporin etc. even in erythrodermic psoriasis. Regards
Hi. Stopping ingestion of L-tryptophan or any other agent that may be the offending factor is key in the treatment of eosinophilia-myalgia syn Chat Doctor. Because of the protean manifestations of EMS, patients are treated based on their symptoms. Chronic symptoms, such as muscle pain, spasm, weakness, neuropathy, and skin thickening, are noninflammatory and are treated symptomatically. Intermittent use of muscle relaxants and analgesics. In addition, prednisone is commonly prescribed because inflammation plays a role. However, treatment with corticosteroids is not beneficial in reducing the severity or duration of symptoms. Long-term steroid therapy has no role. Assistance with activities of daily living can be taken. You can consult neurologist for your multiple problems. Hope this is helpful. Take care.
Thank you for posting query at Chat Doctor.Bag positive means that your have been infected with Herb virus. You need to be checked for Head and viral load to know your "infectious state".ONLY positive or high Head and/or viral load will mean that your highly infectious. It is possible that the virus remains in dormant phase throughout and causes no harm to liver. Only one fourth of patients infected with Herb virus develop liver cirrhosis. Therefore, one cannot be sure about your status. The viral load should be monitored, and he needs to repeat test every 6 month or at least once a year. Without further evaluation, you can not be advice treatment. Liver enzymes (LFT), Head, and viral load (PCR test) need to be examined. Take results to treating physician or post them at Chat Doctor for further advice. Results of all these together with Bag will give a clear picture for treatment. Meanwhile, people close to your friend needs to be vaccinated and also test for Bag. If any further questions, feel free to ask. Health professionals aim to diagnose properly and manage patients according to their limited knowledge. Cure is blessed by the ONE who Created us, whose power and knowledge is unlimited .wish you good health. Regards, Chat Doctor.
Hi Edition, Thank you for your query. Your symptoms sound very frustrating. It sounds like you have developed chronic sinusitis, or chronic allergic rhinitis. This is a constant inflammation of your nasal passages. The initial sneezing may have been signs of hypersensitivity of the nasal passages, but things appear to have progressed so that the lining of your nasal passages are permanently inflamed interfering with Chat Doctor.  People that suffer with this condition often complain of feeling clogged up with fullness around the face and throbbing headaches, especially if they look down at their feet. Other likely causes are that you have developed nasal polyps. These are small nodules that develop in the nasal passages and again disrupt the normal
Hello, I often prescribe an antibiotic when I extract a tooth, but not always. If the extraction was complicated or the patients medical history raises some concern about healing ability, I will prescribe an antibiotic. I often prescribed an antibiotic prior to removal to control the spread of an active infection or for a very symptomatic tooth.  Pain medication and anti-inflammatory medication may be adequate. Should of painful situation arise 3 to 4 days after an extraction, I would be concerned about a Chat Doctor. I would suggest a second opinion if your concern is whether the tooth should be extracted. There may be an option to save the tooth. You could ask the current dentist if there is any other option for this tooth. Thank you for your inquiry. I hope my answer is helpful to you. I would be glad to provide additional answers if you provide additional details or have more questions.
Hi there, Thank you for posting your question. I will do my best to help youth rash/hive may last up to 6 to 12 weeks depending on the severity. Short term Urticaria last up to few hrs to 24hrs and long term may go up to 12 weeks maximum for the symptoms to subside & lesions to heal. Antihistamines are the main modalities in treating but however if symptoms are trouble some, corticosteroids are also advised depending on the status which has to reviewed to prescribe corticosteroids. My suggestion is to revisit with your Dermatologist again and review as symptoms are trouble some. I hope that I have answered your questions fully and been of some help. If you have any more questions please contact me again anytime Chat Doctor.
Hello, and I hope I can help you today. I am sorry that your breasts have developed such a painful condition. You are correct that you may have breast hypertrophy, which is abnormal growth of the breasts, due to the hormones of pregnancy. Gigantomastia describes breasts that increase in size by 2.5 kg or greater. Unfortunately, there are no effective treatments for breast hypertrophy, especially during pregnancy. Hormonal medications really do not work, and elective surgery is not recommended until at least a year after the baby is born, as sometimes the size of the breast does go down on its own. In the meantime, ice packs and supportive, stretch bras, even when you sleep, can help with the discomfort. Limiting your overall weight gain will also help slow down breast growth, as a significant portion of breast tissue is fat. Applying lots of lotion and emollients to the skin will help reduce stretch marks. I am sorry that there is no immediate treatment for your condition, but your breasts may slow in growth as the pregnancy progresses. I hope I was able to adequately answer your question today and that my advice was helpful. Best wishes for the rest of the pregnancy,
Hello, In my opinion, you should follow these steps for better symptomatic relief in pulmonary fibrosis. 1. Start Pirfenidone. It is a newer FDA approved Chat Doctor.  It is anti-fibrotic in nature and stops further progression of fibrosis.2. Enroll in pulmonary rehabilitation in which chest physiotherapy, deep breathing exercises, and incentive spirometry are done.3. Long term oxygen therapy (LOT) is also beneficial.4. Take adult pulmonary vaccines like influenza and pneumococcal vaccines to prevent recurrent respiratory tract infection. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi, thanks for using Chat Doctor. Birth control pill, if taken regularly, are effective in preventing pregnancy. Irregular bleed may be seen in few women taking oral pills for the initial few months, not to worry. Less likely to be pregnant in this cycle. You can get urine pregnancy test or blood Chat Doctor test to confirm or rule out pregnancy. Consult your doctor for examination Hope this helps you. Regards
HelloThanks for your query. After coming off the Demo, it is common to miss your period for up to 3 - 6 months. You could still get pregnant with the pre ejaculatory fluid, which does contain live sperm. The effect of the Demo is not reliable now, since you are off it. You could theoretically fall pregnant. If you do not have your period within a month, take a pregnancy test to be sure, and use a reliable method of contraception. All the best.
Viral hepatitis can be caused by any one of six identified hepatitis viruses ? They are A, B, C, D, E and G. All cause the liver to become inflamed, which interferes with its ability to function normally. All of these viruses cause Liver function test (LFT) abnormalities in the acute phase. These return to normal as the liver recovers and the time range is 2 weeks to 3 months normally. It may be more in the case of weaker/ aged individuals. Depending on which virus causes the hepatitis the blood test report will vary. Hepatitis A (causes acute viral hepatitis-Jaundice) is usually a self limiting disease which resolves without any medication. Diet and rest are the important parts of treating it. The antibody (HAD antibody) is not a routinely done test in India. If the antibody test is done, it can show a positive result for up to a period of about 6 months. The infections caused by Hepatitis B or C are more chronic and dangerous and tests are done to detect them. Certain antibody blood test will show up positive for these two viruses even post cure.
Hi, thank you for providing brief history of you. Since the tiling is on side of the body with pain in the hip first we should rule out any spinal cause. For which you may have to undergo a spine MRI which your or tho might recommend you. If the spine is all fine then we need to look more deep into the case and get assessed by a neurologist. As certain symptoms may be related to stress, work related injuries or any unknown cause. To get a catch hold of the cause we need to use the specialist, and they really help come close to our small and big problems. I wish you a speedy recovery with the grace of God
Hi, I can understand your concerns regarding repeated panic attacks. A panic attack can occur as part of panic disorder or even other disorders like agoraphobia or depression. You might juts be suffering from panic disorder. The best way out is to initiate treatment for it. You should seek a psychiatric consultation for the same. Treatment with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors like sertraline would be helpful. In addition, you can start exercising daily which will help you relax. You can also learn some relaxation exercises like deep breathing and progressive muscular relaxation which will be helpful. Hope that answers your query. Best wishes.
Hi welcome to Chat Doctor. I understand your query and concern. Blocked renal arteries can be due to elevated blood pressure. This needs adequate timely investigative protocol. Curative stenosis can be due to Inuit stenting procedures. I advise you to have a baseline 2 dimensional echocardiography, ECG and lipid profile to assess the basic cardiac reserve of your heart. Restrict the intake of salt to less than 6g/day. Regular physical exercise in the form of brisk walk for 20 min a day for 5 days a week is pretty useful. Chat Doctor. Reduce the intake of fatty and fried food. One pomegranate a day will help to keep your heart at good pace without clot formation. Stem cell procedures are still under research. Stent in situ will be curative in your case. Consult a Cardiologist for further expert management. Post your further queries if any. Thank you.
Hello, Thanks for the query to Chat Doctor. Forum. 4 m of stone in kidney don't require any lithography. Conservative treatment can cure this stone. I don't know type of stone in kidney of your husband, but I advise you one formula, you can use it without any harm and scientific proof. Take 10 black pepper early in the morning chew them one by one till they convert into fine powder and eat. Now Chat Doctor.
Hi, I had gone through your question and understand your concerns. In my opinion you were experiencing a faint like episode which is basically a lower extremities venous incontinence which cause decreased cerebral perfusion pressure (which is less blood in your head). Make sure you get enough liquids, if you are hypertensive under treatment you should check the therapy with your cardiologist and at last if this happens again you should do a Doppler Ultrasound of your lower extremities. Hope this answers your question. If you have additional questions or follow-up questions then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your questions. Wishing you good health.
Hi, thank you for providing the brief history. As you had a past injury of spine this swelling cannot be related to the back injury. This is more of a systemic pathology and needs a thorough clinical examination and diagnostic test post that. Due to weakness of the cardiac system or kidney issues this kind of swelling is assumed and without any Thorough clinical examination and diagnostic tests it will be tough to mention. Also, this is not a direct injury to the joint so mostly can be systemic. Keeping the leg elevated and improving your physical activities should help reduce the swelling. Regards Jay In Chat Doctor.
Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, and thanks for your query. I understand your concern. Unfortunately to help you find a solution to your sleeping problem, I require more information like whether you are over weight or obese, snore at night etc. The pain between the breasts especially if it is burning and more at night, is suggestive of HERD a provoker for asthma. Sleep apnea is a common cause of improper sleep at night.  Nocturnal exacerbation of asthma also makes one sleepless. Take care,
Dear patient thank you for your question. Before we begin treatment we have to diagnose your condition. It can be tricky to diagnose back problems such as the ones you have described without imaging so my first and foremost advise to you is to get an x-ray/ct scan done. The condition to me seems to be lumbar spondylosis. Therefore, while I cannot treat you online without knowing exactly what you have here been some suggestion which should benefit you.1) Take flexion Mr 500 mg thrice a day. It contains a muscle relaxant which will decrease your spasms. It is contraindicated if you have a liver disease2) Gels will not have a major effect in this situation, so it is useless to use them. I suggest hot fomentation therapy for your back3) I will stress again it is imperative that you show yourself to the orthopedic surgeon at the earliest as a condition like this could progress and result in complications like loss of bowel and bladder movement and pain down your leg etc. I wish you all the best
Hi I can understand your concern... You probably here having hepatitis infection. So omitting is common symptom as constitutional symptom.... Viral marker done... Here is advised regarding diet..... Take low fat diet to rest liver. Soft and bland diet taken... Frequent sips of fruit juice taken... Apple, pear, mango, papaya like fruit can be taken... In lunch include green leafy salad. In dinner apple, carrot juice and vegetable soup helpful.... Sugar Cain juice good to take.... Boiled vegetables taken more rather than fried.... Take crushed one tsp carom and cumin seed with water daily early in morning... Non veg and junk food totally avoided for few days... Take care .... You can be helped further if you need still more advise. Chat Doctor.
Hi, It seems that there might be having super-added bacterial infection over the part due to severe itching caused by yeast infection. You might require one antibiotic medicine course for 5-7 days to clear bacterial infection. Clean local part with warm water or antiseptic lotion and apply antibiotic cream. After cure go for treatment of yeast infection oral and local treatment. Keep local hygiene clean, Chat Doctor. Ok and take care.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your daughter s situation and problem. In my opinion, you should get done chest x-ray of her to rule out lower respiratory tract infection (LETI). LETI (pneumonia) is common after bronchitis and cold. She is also having high grade fever, plenty of mucus expectoration, crackling sound from chest and lower back pain. All these favor possibility of pneumonia more. So consult pediatrician and get done 1. Clinical examination of respiratory system 2. Chest x-ray. And start appropriate treatment. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wishing good health to your daughter. Thanks.
HiT hank you for your question. The treatment of cervical stenosis and myelopathy (spinal cord involvement) depends on signs and symptoms in addition to MRI. It would have been helpful to know the current symptoms. However, it is difficult to imagine having no symptoms with such an advanced stenosis picture. For the findings you have described unfortunately medicines won't help. When symptoms are progressive surgery is the only solution. Moreover, earlier the surgery better would be the outcome. The problem of cervical myelopathy is always progressive. Finding of myelomalacia indicates some damage to spinal cord has already occurred, and the cord must be decompressed surgically as early as possible to prevent further worsening. Also, risk of getting weakness in arms and legs is high even with a trivial fall or trauma to neck. Hope this is helpful. I would be happy to answer any questions you may have. Wishing the best outcome.
I am not sure whether I should add Chat Doctor.  But appearance of lumps on your shins raises obviously whether you are noticing what we call as herald sign of underlying systemic or autoimmune disease. You should recognize a fact that skin is eminently involved in such processes as most characteristic presentations. Your doctor is right in advising you to wait and allow time for more obvious changes to appear that guide the blood test and possible need of removal of indicative piece of lumpy skin for histologic confirmation. Please co-operate and arrive at confirmed diagnosis.
Hi.the pain what you have described is very typical of appendicitis which starts at umbilicus (belly button) and goes to right Iliad fossa (right lower abdomen).this type of pain may be very sharp and may be associated with nausea, vomiting, fever and sometimes diarrhea. Since the pain is now 2 weeks old it might have gone to subacute appendicitis. Other possibilities are colitis, Nickels diverticulitis. Your previous episode seems to be a different one. So my advice is got yourself examined and investigated by a surgeon as early as possible to come to a diagnosis and treatment accordingly. Hoped I have helped you.
Hello there, Scorpion stings are managed well with a local application of a baking soda (NAHCO3) paste to neutralize the acid in its venom. You can have tabbed cetirizine once a day for 3 days and also take Cronin 500 m.g twice a day after food for 3 days to manage the pain and tingling. Sometimes the scorpions' stinger may get embedded in your skin. In such cases you may need to visit a doctor and get it removed. The way to tell if its embedded is if you have no relief of symptoms even after applying the soda paste and taking the Chat Doctor. Hope this helps, please feel free to add
Hello. I just read through your question. What you are describing is consistent with an abscess. The location is very common for this type of thing. An abscess is a bacterial infection of the skin. It often produces pus. Antibiotics almost always work. However, when they don't, removing the abscess is necessary. This is commonly done by a surgeon. Whether it heals by antibiotic or heals by removal, it is not a tumor, and is nothing to worry about.
Hello, i can understand your concern. Symptoms like fever, feeling tired, body aches all suggest a viral infection. While testing a flu, we usually do not do tests for each and every strain. So even if the flu test turns negative it can be a due to a new strain. Any viral fever would take a week time to recover fully. Donor pain if you have mild fever, body aches. It would clear on its own. Take paracetamol for fever and a multi vitamin tablet. Chat Doctor.
Hello Thank you for trusting Chat Doctor Dear no specific diet plan for fibromyalgia, but studies suggest that low Magnesium may be to aggravate symptoms, fibromyalgia diet should include fresh fruits and vegetables, whole grains, healthy fats, low-fat dairy, and lean protein, such as chicken or fish. Choose fresh, whole foods high in fiber and low in added sugars, such as: almonds and other nuts and seeds, broccoli, beans, tofu, oatmeal, dark leafy greens, avocado etc., avoid gluten contain foods, avoid artificial sugar. Maintain healthy weight, regular exercise. Aracnoiditis 1.control the information with NSAIDs, prednisolone etc. 2.regular exercises to prevent adhesions. 3.pain relief agents like gabapentin, pregabalin, baclofen, duloxetine carisoprodol. 4. Some time hormone replacement, use of pentoxyphylline relive symptoms. If pain is excess epidural anesthesia also helpful. Please consult your neurologist for further assistance.
Hi there,Any infection in pregnancy needs to be treated promptly a lot of women do not take medication thinking it may adversely affect the baby, but it is very important to get the infection treated. The cephalic is an antibiotic useful in respiratory tract infection and is safe in pregnancy. Moreover, the first 12 weeks is a very crucial time and after this period it is generally safe to take medications. Do complete the course of this antibiotic. The gestating is a medication which is helpful in cough and also relaxes the womb so do use it. Hope this helps. Regards.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your problem and condition. In his case following are the possibilities for his symptoms. 1. Alcohol with Chat Doctor.  2. Spread of non Hodgkin lymphoma in the brain and this causes similar symptoms too.3. Sever liver damage either by alcohol or by metastases and this can produce early hepatic encephalopathy.4. Any malignancy itself produce sudden psychological shock and behavioral changes. So better to admit him in hospital and discuss all these with doctor.
Hi thanks for asking question in Chat Doctor. Here you have dyspnea in cold air... Do you have asthma in the past.??? Do you have smoking for how many years?? Here first as sensitivity to cold you could have allergic condition that might be undiagnosed like asthma. . Here also chance of bronchitis like resp condition can lead such presentation... So for these resp causes chest x-ray and spirometry useful.... Your resp examination by auscultation also has to be done.... As your dyspnea is on walking early stage heart failure causes has to be ruled out...ECG or echo will be useful .... According to cause treatment given with steroid or bronchodilators... Hope your concern solved.... Take care.... Chat Doctor.
Hello, Pregnancy is possible only, if unprotected sexual intercourse is done with ejaculation around ovulation time in regular period. Ovulation occurs approx 14 days before due date. If your girlfriends due date was on 19th in next month, then ovulation occurs on 5th of the month. You did sex on ovulation time and your girlfriend took unwanted 72. It is very much effective in preventing unwanted pregnancy with failure rate less than 1%. A with Chat Doctor. You also did sex on 11th day, and it was almost safe period with low risk. If she does not get period, do a home pregnancy test with urine for B-ChatDoctor after 1 wk of missed. Practice safe sex by using safe period/OCP/Condom etc. to avoid unwanted pregnancy. Be well.
Hi. Oral prednisone is very useful in allergies as it ceases the inflammatory response to the allergen almost instantaneously. It is necessary to taper steroids only if they have been taken for more than 14 days since that is the duration required by the body to start getting dependent on an external source of steroid (Hypothalami pituitary axis). A 5-day course of steroid can be stopped abruptly without any foreseeable complications. Do keep in mind that high doses of prednisone may affect your vision so do see your physician who started you on these if you develop blurring of vision or changes in color. High steroid doses may also make you vulnerable to infections so try to avoid anything that exposes you to a source of infection. A 5-day course of steroids is usually nothing to be concerned about. Follow up with your physician for the remaining management of your allergies. Do let me know if you have any other questions.
Degree understand your concerns went through your description. I suggest you not to worry much. Minocycline is often used in acne and periodical dermatitis. As for the hallucination as the side effect of Minocycline is considered, it is very rare. In a recent study, out of 1370 people studied, only 2 had hallucination. Therefore, it is a very rare case. Still, you should consult your dermatologist for further advice. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck. Merry Christmas.
Hi. Welcome to Chat Doctor . As per your query the tooth seems to be decayed and brown spots are due to decay. Sensitivity occurs when you reach close to the nerves present in the center of the tooth.However, a clinical examination and x-ray is a must to rule out the exact status of the tooth and in case if there is no deep decay then filling with tooth colored filling material will go. In case if decay is deep then Root Canal Treated is advised following antibiotics and painkillers. Hope this helps. Regards.
Hallo dear friend i he studied your case use ring cushion for sitting, it will release pressure on coccyx with some medication [like enterotoxin 60 mg]local injection therapy will also work calcium supplement with it D take rest, , hot or cold fomentation avoid lifting weights sit with taking support to your back take silt bath [sitting inleukwarm water]physiotherapy - USG for further query contact on Chat Doctor. Com
Dear Madam, I have gone through your history and do empathize with your feelings. Early pregnancy loss most of the time could be due to chromosomal abnormalities. However, your karyotyping is normal. I would advise you to report to a foeto-maternal specialist to get yourself evaluated thoroughly for any other possible cause. Thyroid dysfunction, particularly low function of thyroid also may cause such pregnancy wastage. I do not see this investigation performed in your list. Please get your blood examined for T3, T4 and TSH. If hypothyroidism is detected, Levothyroxine is the medicine of choice. I hope this will help you.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Possibility of acute gastritis is more likely in your case. No need to worry about cardiac diseases because you are very young. So avoid hot and spicy food. Avoid junk food. Avoid large meals, instead take frequent small meals. Take pantoprazole and levosulperide combination on empty stomach twice daily. Quit smoking and alcohol if you have these habits. Go for walking after meals. Avoid stress and tension, be relaxed and calm. Keep 2-3 pillows under head in your bed. Avoid stress and tension, be relaxed and calm. Don't worry, you will be alright with all these. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.
Hi, I have gone through your query and can understand your concern. As per your complaint white stuff at the site of tooth extraction, of it is present inside the extraction socket then it does not seem to be healing tissue and not pus. In case if the fluid is Chat Doctor. I would suggest you to consult an oral physician and get evaluated, and a thorough clinical evaluation has to be done. In case if it is healing tissue then nothing has to be done as it will heal progressively. In case of pus antibiotics will help in its resolution. Hope this helps. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You may have multiple enlarged lymph node in neck.  It can be due to reactive hyperplasia, tuberculosis, lymphoma or metastatic carcinoma.  You should go for fine needle aspiration cytology or biopsy of that lump. It will give you exact diagnosis. Then you should take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Thanks for following up. At the first, you find cause:1. Diagnosis of intestine-check stool culture and sensitivity to antibiotics.2. Helmintiasis -stool for cyst and ova.3. Food allergy-allergic probes.4. Bad digestion of food(stool analysis)5. High level IGE.6. Liver and pancreas problems(Ultrasound diagnostics) For treatment I suggest -Start from Albendazole(Bend) 5ml once-Next -Enzymes syrup for 1month-Probiotics-enterogerina- 1 sachet once a day for 5 days, then Darla -1 sure once -for 1month-Anti allergenic diet-Antihistamines -Cetirizine for 1 month
Hi, After reading your symptoms I would like to iterate that what you are going through are the with Chat Doctor. Stomach and back pains along with headaches are there as pre menstrual exaggerated symptoms which will subside as soon as you start with menses. Meanwhile, you can take symptomatic treatment such as muscle relaxants and painkillers. If your problem does not subside I would strongly recommend you to visit your doctor for the same. Regards
Hello dear, The symptoms as mentioned in your post suggest that you might be having fungal infection (Tina) in the region around the waist line. Management includes:1. Keeping the area Chat Doctor. 2. Antihistamine preparations like cetirizine to reduce the itching sensation & provide symptomatic relief.3. Application of topical antifungal cream like Clotrimazole to tackle the causative organism. If symptoms still persist or aggravate further, then it will be better to consult a Dermatologist & get a proper examination done to find out the actual cause. So that appropriate management steps could be taken. Also avoid wearing tight undergarments & clothes...as it will cause sweating & predispose to fungal infections. Wishing you a Good Health. Take care.
Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor. I understand you concern. You have not mentioned your age and sex. The symptoms you have mentioned are also too many and without any chronology. Still I will try to help you in the best possible way. Your most important problem seems to be lymph nodes in jaw line which are painful while swallowing. You have also mentioned soreness in chest, coughing of blood and mucus and blood in stools. These symptoms are suggestive of some serious illness like cancer of throat, chest or elsewhere in body, Tuberculosis or other infection in chest. Some disorder of immunity can also be there. I advise you to immediately contact ER. They may subject you to investigations like blood count, urine and stool test, CT of head, neck and chest, USG of abdomen to arrive at the diagnoses. I hope this will be helpful. Take care.
Hello, I will try to offer you some assistance concerning your mouth. I do not believe your teeth have been affected by your exposure. You are suffering from a severe reaction that has caused a great deal of inflammation. This may affect the soft tissue inside you mouth if exposed to any oils of these plants. Simply, inflamed tissue can equal sensitive teeth. Pain medication may help while the amount of inflammation is great. First, make sure you are not getting continued exposure to these plants and oils? Change your toothbrush and anything you may have touched which may carry the oil. There are some endocrine gels or rinses that you could try for your mouth. Switch to a toothpaste for sensitive teeth. These have a chemical that blocks the tubules on the roots of your teeth to reduce sensitivity. Avoid an acidic diet. I believe there is a relationship between these plants and some foods: mangos and cashews. You need to give this time to heal. Rashes can easily last two weeks. Return to your doctor if you feel your symptoms are getting worse to see if you need more medication. Ben Chat Doctor.  Topical solutions for your skin are available that can help you reduce the itchy feeling. I hope you will find some of these suggestions useful, and I wish you a quicker recovery. Please keep your doctor updated on your progress and plan to see a dentist if your teeth do not start to feel better for a clinical evaluation.
HI, thanks for using Chat Doctor It is more in keeping with an allergic reaction to some component of the meal. Allergic responses tend to worsen as a person is continually exposed to the stimulus. If you wish to be sure exactly what you are allergic to you can ask your doctor about allergy testing. This can be in the form of blood tests or skin tests. It would be best to avoid the triggers. I hope this helps
Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor, thank you for your query. You need more detailed Gastroenterology work up to evaluate the cause of your liver problem which is the biggest worry about you at this point. You should check your viral marker and do liver biopsy if necessary. It can be also gallbladder issue or pancreatic disease, so you should do at least ct scan and certain blood tests to rule these out. Your other symptoms should be checked by gynecologist but as I said try to find the cause of your raised Lots first. Wish you good health. Regards.
Hi, Thanks for posting in Chat Doctor. What you are complaining of appears that you have a mild bacterial infection of the foreskin. Nothing much to be worried about it. This can be managed in the following way: 1. Wash the area with warm water and mild antiseptic like Salon solution twice daily. 2. Apply Aureomycin Skin cream following washing after it Chat Doctor.  3. Wear loose fitting underwear till the lesions heal completely. Keep the area clean and in good hygiene. Hope the information provided would be helpful. All the best.
Hello, Thanks for writing in. The fact that you had marina coil earlier too and got it replaced rules out any adverse reaction to the coil itself. You could also get an ultrasound scan to be sure that the coil is in place. Since you have had kidney transplant, your immunity may be little weaker than in normal individuals. Fungal infections are not picked up on routine sexually transmitted infection tests. This can result in fungal infection in your vagina which is causing the irritation. I suggest you apply some antifungal medication as suggested by your gynecologist. Hope this helps.
Hi, your father has been treated for prostate cancer and bladder cancer successfully. At present what the problems he is facing is unrelated to the cancers. Behavioral changes may be due to steroids also. It may be acute psychosis because he is on treatment for a long time with major life-threatening diseases. Keep in touch with your cardiologist, pulmonary physician, and you may consult with psychiatrist. Take care.
Hello, For blurred vision, numbness in arms and concentration difficulty, a neurologist clinical examination is advised. You may have to under MRI brain and Cervical spine for ruling out the possible causes.  As you mentioned the Bone spur protruding from the upper spine into the brain, I suspect there might be some neurological deficits which may trouble the vision and tingle as well due to compression onto the neurological tissue.  Since you are 55, I will advise for the neurologist opinion and medication followed by that.  Also, physiotherapy management for the neck and shoulder which will help your RCI and also the Numbness.  Blurred vision will be corrected once the compression of the spur is reduced over the neurological tissue by strength in the muscles. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Jay In Chat Doctor.
Hi... Mr. Rajeswaran....welcome to Chat Doctor., Thanks for You’re Query..., According to Your complaint... Lot of pore and scars are due post inflammatory signs of acne (past ... U got a lot of acne in your face .....could be give this picture1) Permeant scars and pores will not give respond to simple topical and oral medication....,2) Hence need cosmetic procedures like a)Dermabrasion and pit correction by Micromotor and RF technique b) Laser treatment by using Q switched Nd :YAG Laser 532 d double wave length, ILL Lasers ...this one expensive ....it needs minimum 6 w to 8 weeks time ...but good result.so think and choose the treatment ...good luck
Hi. Thanks for your question. You have a typical history of Gastric Bypass Surgery in 2002 and starting the growling since then. Now you have pain in right side of the abdomen and feeling of swelling under right rib cage. Feeling of blocking of something in the anus along with passage of small amount of feces. You also have borborygmi (noises in the abdomen), This indicated that the Colon on the affected side has some problems. This can be detected well by:CT scan of the abdomen and - Barium studies (Enterocolitis) and colonoscopy will diagnose the Problem and give perfect guideline for medical and / or surgical management. I hope this answer helps you.
Swelling is often in the lower area of the body like legs and ankle during hanging position because of gravity. Other reasons why sweeping and red spots appear could be any peripheral disorder like DVT, sometimes when BP raises high you suffer from edema and itchiness because of which red spots appear. So in such case let me recommend you to please take some precautions and if it appears again then immediately contact some doctor to rule out the exact reason by various investigation procedures:1. Try to elevate your legs whenever you are lying down, to a position above your heart.2. Immediately do some ice massage over the area.3. Perform some calf exercises so that blood circulation is maintained.4. Wear stockings during your travel.5. Wear loose fitting clothing.6. Do not sit in one position for long. Try to change position frequently.7. Avoid a position in which you have to hang your legs.8. In office place small still under your foot while sitting and change the positions so that your leg does not come directly in against gravity position as there are chances of increase in sweeping. Please follow the above instructions/treatment. If still there is no relief then as an advice please visit some nearby doctor for investigation as there may be chances of DVT or any thrombotic problem. Good Luck and Get Well Soon
Hello there.... Deep bite when untreated would lead to many problems such as loosening of your lower front teeth, receding of your gums with relation to the lower front teeth, this would occur because of trauma from occlusion...pain in front of the ears, pain the side of your head region, pain while you eat and clicking while open and close in few... Deep bite needs to be ad Chat Doctor. .if the vertical relation has collapsed that has to be ad
Hi Priya, Thank you for posting your query. Your problem is epilepsy, and it requires medications for a long time, as it is a chronic problem. Sodium valproate is a good Chat Doctor.  Regarding the MRI finding, it is normal brain. Maxillary polyp refers to a minor problem in the sinus (located on the side of nose). An ENT doctor would help in treatment of the same, if it is causing symptoms, such as nasal obstruction, cold, etc. Best wishes,
Hi, dear. I have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You have high eosinophil count.  You have absolute eosinophilic.  There are many causes for that.  Allergy, hypersensitivity, asthma, parasitic infection etc. can cause high eosinophil count. In your case its look like some allergy.  Antihistamines or steroids may help you to receive your symptoms.  You should also go for allergy test. Avoid the substance producing allergy to you. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Hi, I have gone through your query and understand your concern towards your son behavior.... I would like to know some more details about your family history and how you parented him...anyway there is every possibility that he could in this manner.... I can definitely say that his behavior could be stabilized by putting him on regular treatment with mood stabilizers and antipsychotics to regulate his anger...and maintaining compliance and regular follow up is necessary in every aspect Hope this answer is helpful to routinely rate my answer and give me feedback if it is helpful... Thank you
Hello, As per your query, you have symptoms of throat pain post wisdom tooth removal which is very normal as pain and swelling usually occurs when extraction site is nearby. Need not worry. I would suggest you to take care of surgical site in proper way. You should take proper course of antibiotics along with anti-inflammatory medications. You should visit oral physician once and get it examined and start treatment after thorough examination if symptoms keeps on persisting. Maintain oral hygiene. Do warm saline gargles 3 to 4 times a day. Suck on throat lozenges and take painkiller such as Ibuprofen. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hello Your semen analysis findings may indicate low sperm motility. You may need investigations like routine hologram, random blood sugar, ultrasound of scrotum. Motility should be at least 55 %. Your findings suggest over all 51% overall motility, so it is low. Sperm count is normal. It should be at least 20 millions/ml. Sperm morphology is also normal. You should take anti-oxidants and do exercise. If findings persists then you may need additional fertilization techniques. Get well soon. Take Care Chat Doctor.
Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, Rabies is a disease transmitted by bit of the dog which is 100% fatal, but it is 100% preventable by proper and adequate treatment. As you were bitten by a dog three days ago and the bite is very tiny and is healing without any signs of infection suggest that there is no open wound. Still as you do not know the vaccination status of the dog it is better to take at least three doses of vaccine on days 0,3 and 7. If the dog is healthy after these injections you can discontinue the remaining two doses of vaccine. Thank you.
Hello dear, I understand your concern. In my opinion the difficulty in breathing especially at night needs a physical examination to rule out any respiratory or heart related problems. Also low He is also one of the causes so ruling OIT anemia is also needed. Nothing to worry. Avoid spicy and oily diet. Take antacids because sometimes the acidity also might present with similar complaints.Don't lie down immediately after dinner. Finish the dinner 2 hours before sleeping. The pain in the leg might be due to muscular pain. But if there is any associated swelling and redness then it needs to be evaluated otherwise need not worry and take paradox if the pain is severe. Best regards...
Thanks to ChatDoctorI CAN UNDERSTAND YOUR SON PROBLEM It is terrible situations when small child who unable to speak and tell their problems.Don't worry, what you are doing right now like cold sponging during high temperature is correct method of bringing the temperature .child Chat Doctor. Try to avoid journeys with child, take care of diet, avoid exposure to cool weather, air cooler MAC in child room.,please monitor the temperature over 24 hours which gives clue to diagnosis along with other lab reports normally after usage of syrup it takes to control the temperature, but in emergency we can use paracetamol injection according to age and weight prescribed by a pediatrician .so don't be tense during such situations, try to find the cause of fever .ok
Hello. Thank you for your question and welcome to Chat Doctor. I understand your concern. Well, after the EKG and stress tests came back normal, we can exclude, with the highest probability, a rhythm or conduction disturbance which could be innate. It is important to be stressed that heart rate tends to increase whenever any human being is engaging in physical activity - it is normal to go up to 200 beats per minute in your daughters case, or is undergoing to a state with psychological stress. If that is so, then there is nothing to worry about. Also, the pain originating in the right part of the chest and then radiating to the right arm is not linked with the palpitations, and very rarely, with any heart condition. My opinion is that repeated palpitations generate certain amounts of anxiety and the anxiety produces really-felt symptoms by the subject complaining about them, but with no organic or disease-based origin. My opinion, once again, is that there is nothing to worry about. I hope I was helpful. Take care.
Hello, This can be a cardiac arrhythmia like PSV or atrial fibrillation, in which heart rate suddenly goes up and also suddenly decreases. Blood pressure falls during these episodes and one has dizziness, fainting, blackouts, sometimes syncope. Usually ECG is normal as it is usually done in between the episodes. ECG done during episodes will show abnormality. You will need 24 hour holder monitoring. So visit nearby cardiologist for this investigation. Also, hemoglobin and thyroid test should be done. Ln order to abort such episodes you should try to cough hard. Is there any stress or anxiety associated. Till the time your evaluation is complete, you can ask your local doctor for tab collar LA 20 mg once a day. If none of the above is successful then last option is of electrophysiologist studies which is invasive test which can diagnose and treat the arrhythmia permanently in most of the cases.
Dear user, Thank you for writing to us. I understand your concern about burning pain after ejaculation. This suggests possibly inflammation of the structures near the urine tube like prostate or other sex organs. Kindly take plenty of fluids orally and sees a urologist or general surgeon near your area to rule out possibility of infection. This can be treated successfully. Use barrier methods (condom) during sex with your partner. If your partner has any symptoms like burning, discharge or itching, then she does require treatment. Wish you good health.
Hiwelcome to Chat Doctor forum U have not mentioned the reason for why the fetal heart beat was absent, or did your doctor not explained. Anyway don't get disappointed consult a senior scenic she will go through some blood tests like thyroid profile, torch tests, pelvic sonography or any other as required. After knowing the cause treatment will be planned accordingly and hopefully u will conceive. Take care. For further information write me at preetibalwani62@yahoo.com or call me- 09827067440
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. No need to worry about major heart or lung related diseases as you are too young and had all normal reports. In my opinion, you're all symptoms are due to uncontrolled stress and anxiety. Only Chat Doctor.  You should definitely consult psychiatrist and get done counselling sessions. Try to identify stressor in your life and start working on its solution. Counselling sessions along with anxiolytic
HI, dear,thanks for the query you had for 2 yrs. I am there to help to remove your scare. In my opinion it is -magician cyst. If its worrying you, it could be removed by operation. Plz seek surgeons opinion and get it removed from him. Hope you got the cause for the lump on the upper eyelid. For the back and head aches, I would advise you to consult the doctor who operated it, as this may be serious complaint and needs urgent care from the operating surgeon. Thnks Welcome again to Chat Doctor for any help. Hope you got the answer for the queries you had. Take care ugly for the headache.
I have understood your concern, as you mentioned your pain is recurrent in nature and this indicate that your muscles are weak not enough to provide proper strengthen to spinal segments and main thing is your siting and laying posture may give rise to chronic long term recurrent pain. You need to correct the posture. Bulge may due disc impingement at spinal level. Patches may give you pain relief but temporary. So my suggestion is to relive pain and stiffness at spinal vertebral level, you have to take physiotherapy treatment in form of IT modalities and ultrasound treatment for localized tenderness is very useful. Only physical therapy can cure problems permanently, need to take strengthening exercises with physical therapist learn many exercises which helps to give stability at spinal column. I hope you have satisfied with the answer.
Hi. Thanks for your query. Gaining 40 lbs in 5 months is indicative of investigations. You have been consuming too much of sugary Chat Doctor.  Occasional dizziness has to be investigated under the care of a Neurobiologist. Pain and discomfort in the on the left abdomen, and lower down the vaginal area with negative pregnancy test. This is indicative f an infection in the colon or small intestines or an indication of PID-Pelvic Inflammatory Disease. I would advise you the following in such a situation::Investigations :Blood-CBC, sugar in fasting and postprandial moment, liver and kidney function and Tests of urine and stool. Ultrasonography of the whole abdomen and pelvis to see for any problems of the Fallopian tubes, ovaries, PID and so on. Consult an ENT to see the reasons for dizziness if the problem is not solved by routine treatment.
Usually when it is taken in small dose as per the physician guideline side effects are not seen much. But to answer your question headache and abdominal pain could be related to this Chat Doctor.  So I suggest visiting your doctor once and inform him. He can help you with some other medication. Since you have not clear what problem you was having so that you went for d and c not able to guide further but after d BC it is also possible to have leg pain and headache due to bleeding. As per me that should not be long-lasting again. You can question here again if needed with proper information. Take care.
Hello and thank you for using Chat Doctor. I carefully read your question and I understand your concern.Don't worry, It's nothing serious. This feeling of not getting enough air might happen for different reason. Sometimes just a simple stressful situation, anxiety can cause this symptom. All sow a fast heart beat, an extra systolic-heart beat might give this sensation of not getting enough air. This tachycardia or extra-sistolic heart beat might be quite normal, to come and go, or might happen because of a different pathology, an anemia, hyperthyroidism etc. But you explain taking a medicine with this side effect. If it is sow, you have to wait for some days, minimum 48 hours for these effects to rebound. The time depends on from the kind of medicine, for how long does it totally eliminate from your body. So, just wait for some days and see. If you have the symptoms again than take a look at you rhythm when you feel this breathing difficulties. Only then, you might do a simple electrocardiogram, an echocardiography and maybe a holder monitoring. This can show us better your heart structure a rhythm tendency. Hope I was helpful. BEST REGARDS.
Hi, Thanks for posting your query. Let me know the associated symptoms along with mentioned. Do you have acidic belching/ abdominal discomfort/ abdominal bloating/ excessive flatulence? Do you have constipation/ watery diarrhea/ frequent urge to use washroom? With the available described symptoms, there could be possibility of acute gastritis or gastroenteritis. You should consult with internal medicine specialist/ gastroenterologist and should go for thorough check up. You should go for complete blood count, serum amylase, ultrasound imaging of abdomen, renal function test. Meanwhile, you should take proton pump inhibitors, antispasmodics and antacids. Take care,
The addition of twice-weekly dose of methotrexate 5 MGM twice a week can help you as per the latest research this medicine work with steroid sparing side effects others you can continue mostly these types of asthma which is not controllable with the asthma medicine are allergies in my opinion if you get allergy tests after controlling this and avoid food allergens and treat the environmental allergens by sublingual immunotherapy this may help you in m opinion
Hi Dear welcome to the Chat Doctor, Viral fever are quite common in this rainy season. Requires paracetamol 4 to 6 hourly with doses of about 15 mg/kg. Plenty of fluids to be given. Take care of the nutrition. Tepid water sponging repeatedly will help in reducing the high grade fever. Metallic taste could be because of the fever. Hope it should respond 3 to 4 days. If fever do not respond in this 3 to 4 days then please consult the pediatrician for further evaluation. Hope the query is answered. Thanks
IIN regard to your query, as such it is a myth that toothache leads to ear pain and eye pain however 0.1% chances are there for a toothache to result in so mentioned ear or eye ache due to irregular or UN expected course of nerve supply. Coming to your problem you had mentioned you have wisdom tooth in the lower jaw. So this is no way related in causing ear pain. There might be some other reason like presence of wax in the ear or unintentional entry of water into the ear or any other. I would suggest you to visit your ENT specialist for further treatment regarding your wisdom tooth status you can visit your oral surgeon. Hope this helps you.
HIT hank for asking to ChatDoctorI really appreciate your concern, the chances of gastritis and I think could be "Helicobacter" infection is just likely, if I would be your doctor then I would surely treat you on tentative basis keeping in mind the suspicious of Helicobacter, the following would be the line of treatment,1) Tab omeprazole 40 mg once at evening time for six week2) Tab Amoxicillin with Clavulanic acid 625 mg twice in day for five days 3) Tab Metronidazole 400 mg twice day for five days 4) Tab Chlorodiazepoxide one tab three times in day hope this medicine would help you take care and stop worrying have nice day.
Hello hope the answer helps you. As you mentioned the fear as strong feeling with tendency to choke if eat something provided you are healthy and not suffering from any chronic illness as multiple sclerosis or any other neurological disease as you didn't mention in detail. This entity as can be GLOBES HYSTERICS which is the fear of choking while eating otherwise throat, gag reflex organically all well. I think you donor worry consult a psychotherapist to boost up, give courage and will to make eats eagerly
Hi I have gone through your question and understand your concerns. An AMH level of2.69 indicates that your ovaries are having very low activity. In such conditions, IVF or CSI has to be done for conception. Low sperm count and low motility in your husband also is a reason for CSI or IVF required for conception.CSI has success rate of 30-40% in each cycle, depending upon the quality of ovum and sperm. Absence of X chromosome in your fetus means it was having Turners Syn Chat Doctor. I would suggest you to be hopeful and not to take stress, as that also has effect on the result of CSI. Hope you found the answer helpful. Please do get back for further queries. Wishing you good health.
Dear Sir/Madam, Thank you for posting your query at Chat Doctor.comes some time the excruciating back pain hinders the activities of daily living. If your X-ray are normal, then there are high chances of having sever muscle spasm of back.  Muscle strength of back goes down with chronic muscle spasm. I advise you to strengthen you back muscle:1. Bridging exerices2. Isometric of back muscle3. Abdominal curtail the three exercise can be done for hold time of 10 counts, 2 times a day for 15 mins. Apart from these-1.  Use hot water fermentation.2. Sleep on firm bed3. While siting on chair use cushion at low back to maintain the curvature of spine4. If the pain is too much you one use inflammatory which will reduce you elevated pain 5. Avoid lifting heavy weights, forward bending, sitting in one posture still the pain does not come down please seek advice by orthopedics and get the MRI reports. Hope you have covered all the points. Please revert to me if you need any further information. I will be glad to assist you. With best wishes, Tehzib Sailed(PT)
Hello dear, I understand your concern. In my opinion the December 1st might be considered as your last menstrual period (LMP). Usually the age of pregnancy need to be calculated basing on the LMP. For it the last 3 menstrual cycles should be regular. But as you had miscarriage last time and bleeding was prolonged ultrasound might be helpful. Ultrasound taken within 1st trimester i.e., within 12 weeks of pregnancy helps in accurate estimation of age of pregnancy, the well-being of concepts and also for the accurate dating of pregnancy. So I suggest you to go for ultrasound. And also rule out any thyroid abnormalities, progesterone insufficiency, any genetic anomalies etc. which are the causes of first trimester miscarriage. Nothing to worry. Relax. Take healthy nutritional diet and folic acid supplements. Avoid physical strain and intercourse. Hope this helps. Best regards...
Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. As you are already having depression disorder, the smell could just be an obsession. You had that disturbing sensation once. You expected it to happen again and tried. Then you started experiencing it as you were expecting it. Then your body brought the familiar symptom because you are expecting it. Then you started worrying that the symptom is coming again and again and expect it. Body brings it again as you are expecting it. You become worried and so on. That is obsession in simple terms. Ignore it and the problem vanishes. Psychotherapy techniques should suit your requirement. If you require more of my help in this aspect, Please post a direct question to me in this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe the needed psychotherapy techniques. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.
Hello Krystal, I thank you for posting your query here and I'm definitely going to help you out. Welcome to Chat Doctor. Do not worry Krystal, this fear is common, and I can say that you are safe! Don't worry. I being a surgeon, we encounter so many such cases day in and day out. I read your question completely and have understood it well enough. Please note these following things. 1. You did not have Penetration. And there was no way he ejaculated into your vagina. In that scenario, there's absolutely no way you can end up in pregnancy. Never. 2. Blow job again will not lead to pregnancy. So do not worry about it. Just chill out. 3. Touching again won't cause pregnancy even if it's your vagina. Basically, the penis has to be unprotected, then go into vagina, ejaculate completely inside the vagina and same time you should have ovulated. And then, there's chance of pregnancy. Your history is nowhere near to all these events. So do not worry. 4. The scenario that you have told, I can say with certainty that you can not be pregnant. 100% sure of it. 5. So suggest you to stop freaking out and be happy. Hope this helps you Krystal, in case you need any further assistance, please let me know. Take care and God bless you.
Hi there, Thanks for your question at Chat Doctor. The spinal nerves in our neck are wired in such a way that pressure at particular point can cause pain distributed in an area away from the spine, as in shoulder and arms in your situation. It is possible to have shoulder pain if the 5th and 6th nerves are pinched in the spine. Isometric exercises, gym and walking definitely help. You should avoid exercise which involve twisting and rotation of your neck. Swelling of fingers can be relived by elevation, passive and active exercises at all joints, if it is not due to infection or severe inflammation. Hope this answers your questions the best. Regards.  Chat Doctor.
Hello, Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. I understand your health concern, if I am your doctor I suggest you that typhoid fever or infection caused by Salmonella type requires approx 15 days treatment. You can take all the foods but should not eat heavily, eat more in frequency and less in quantity. You can take non veg food it is good protein rich food, helps you heal faster. There is no possibility of hair loss. I will be happy to answer all your future concern. Thank you, ChatDoctorInfectious disease specialist. Wish you the best health at Chat Doctor.
These symptoms are often associated with Alzheimer's disease. It is a neurological disorder that affects the brain's ability to think, talk, and move.
Hello, Pain in multiple joints of the body may be due to inflammatory arthritis such as rheumatoid arthritis.  Other reason may be: 1. Osteoporosis with weakened bones 2. Osteoarthritis. Detailed clinical examination is needed to assess exact cause. X-ray of both shoulder and knee joints anteroposterior and lateral views should be done. Serum testing for RA factor, serum calcium, serum phosphorus and alkaline phosphatase levels should be done.Meanwhile, start tab Attract P twice a day for pain relief.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi welcome to Chat Doctor forum. The bulky ovaries may be suggestive of poly cystic ovarian syn Chat Doctor.  If this is to be confirmed and other causes are to be excluded trans pelvic scaling must be done, if it is P.C.O.S. it can be easily overcome by medical treatment. You can get regular periods and pregnancy.  What ever the cause may be bulky uterus interferes with getting pregnant.  Anyhow you are under treatment by a gynecologist, you follow exactly as your doctor says, so that you can become pregnant.  In the meanwhile try to have a balanced diet, and good health, avoid tension to become pregnant. Wish you an early result of having pregnancy, I thank you for calling.
Hi, The low grade fever is a typical sign of urinary infection. It means your infection is not yet controlled.  - revisit your doctor, get your urine checked for -routine/microscopic/culture & sensitivity.  - Antibiotics have a pivot role in treatment of urine infection.  - It is usually decided after culture & sensitivity test of urine.  - Consult your doctor & inform him about the gastrointestinal upsets you have. So that he will advise antibiotics & accompanying medicines that suit you.  Urinary infection is notorious for recurrence. It needs along/continued treatment for total itrradicationof infection. So please follow Doctors advice strictly.  Thanks.
Hi, Satyriasis rose will usually go away in 6 to 8 weeks without treatment. But as you have itching, you can continue using cetirizine and dexamethasone. You can continue following tips. Avoid taking hot showers or baths. Keep the water as cool as you can tolerate. Try an oatmeal bath, such as Aveiro Colloidal Oatmeal bath, to help relieve itching. Exposing the rash to sunlight may make it go away more quickly. Apply a moisturizer or calamine lotion to the skin while it is damp.[when you stop dexamethasone]. Wear cotton or silk clothing. Avoid wearing wool and acrylic fabrics next to your skin. Use as little soap as possible. Use gentle soaps, such as Basis, Detail, Dove, or Oil of Olay. Avoid deodorant soaps when you have a rash. Take care. Best regards,
Hi Your symptoms could be related to orthostatic hypotension. Chronic anemia or deny Chat Doctor.  Coming to this point, I would recommend consulting with your GP for a physical exam and some tests: - a Head Up Tilt test for orthostatic hypotension- complete blood count for anemia-blood electrolytes. You should discuss with your doctor on the above tests.  Hope you will find this answer helpful!  Kind regards!
Hi, greetings from Chat Doctor. Since you had two lipomas removed from your left arm you may be probably suffering from multiple lipomatous. If it is enlarging in size, or dilated veins over the swelling and hard or firm in consistency you need to consult a surgeon and rule out the possibility of soft tissue sarcoma by taking for biopsy. If it is soft and not enlarging do not worry. It could be benign
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Prominent bronchovascular markings and Him are commonly seen with bronchitis. So better to consult pulmonologist and get done clinical examination of respiratory system and PFT (Pulmonary Function Test).PFT will not only diagnose bronchitis, but it will also tell you about severity of the disease and treatment is based on severity only. This patient may need inhaled bronchodilators (formoterol or albuterol) and inhaled corticosteroid (ICS). If this patient is smoker then smoking cessation should be done first. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wishing good health to this patient. Thanks.
Hello, Road accident should never underestimate, and it has to be taken for investigation regardless of the nature of injuries and of course it is latter concern, soft tissue injuries always have inflammatory condition and may be caught by infection if care not being taken, it is most advisable to see the emergency room for better management and to rule out the silent features of injuries. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hello. Thank you for using Chat Doctor. The pea size lumps that u feel in the armpit area, are the lymph nodes which are enlarged. This could be due to various reasons, ranging from a mild infection to cancer. You have not mentioned your age or other details. If you do not have any other complaints or lumps elsewhere in your body, it could mostly be only a reactive/inflammatory lymph node, which would subside with an antibiotic course. Do consult your local physician for the medicines.
HelloThanks for writing to ChatDoctorYou have absolutely benign findings. You have small calcification in the gall bladder wall in anterior aspect, and it is an incidental finding. It doesn't cause any problem. Small amount of free fluid in the pelvis is generally due to ovulation, there is nothing to worry about. Few prominent follicles in the right ovary is also normal finding. Hope I have answered your query. Take Care Chat Doctor.
Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. I can understand the cause behind your friends experience. It is simple tiredness, stress and anxiety. He gets tired after masturbation. Every child Chat Doctor.  But worrying about that tiredness makes him anxious and more tired. Anxiety in turn creates fullness of chest and occasional pain. You might need a physicians' assistance. Do consult a physician for further details. Visit http://psychocure.webs.com/Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.
Hi, thanks for posting your query. You have mentioned that your wife has developed rashes in the fold areas like thighs, under arms, neck. It is not associated with itching probably because if she uses been Chat Doctor. It can be probably fungal infection. Other differential diagnosis can be intertwine, contact dermatitis, inverse psoriasis, or even scabies. Of course posting of photos might help in identifying it. Upload the photos if possible. You may contact a dermatologist for exact diagnosis and appropriate treatment. A skin biopsy may help if it can not be clinically identified. Hope this helps you.
Hi Welcome to Chat Doctor. I understand your concern. Your earlier pain a couple of years ago is strongly related to MVA.but since it disappeared, it extremely important for you evaluate thoroughly the cause of pain in your case. Trauma could be a possible cause as of now, injuring the disc or causing sciatic nerve compression resulting in sciatica. I strongly recommend you to have an MRI scan of the spine. This can accurately detect the pathology if any. This is unlikely to be a muscle pain as it radiating to great extent with associated trauma. A total serum calcium level is helpful.Meanwhile, analgesics like ibuprofen and diclofenac will help. Consult your neurosurgeon in regard to above. Post your further queries, if any. Thank you.
Hi, For correct diagnosis, we need a direct inspection or a photo of the lesion at least. Anyhow, there are two likely conditions causing this-An insect bite reaction (usually itchy) or skin infection like impetigo(may have yellow colored fluid in blister). Bite reaction will respond to antihistamine and topical steroids, while infection need antibiotics. Kindly see your doctor. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Based on your condition, you will need several medications to address the problem. You will need Prednisolone Ophthalmic, Tropicamide Ophthalmic, and Phenylephrine (Duramax) to help reduce inflammation and pain. Additionally, I recommend Moxifloxacin (Avelox) to prevent bacterial infections after cataract surgery. For long-term management of your condition, you will need Latanoprost and Gatifloxacin (Zymar). If you need eye surgery, we may use Proparacaine Ophthalmic to numb the eye before the procedure. After eye surgery, you may need Nepafenac Ophthalmic to prevent inflammation in the eye. Lastly, we may recommend Brimonidine Ophthalmic, Bimatoprost Ophthalmic, or Travoprost (Travatan) to reduce eye pressure.
Hi there, Thanks for your query. Firstly, please appreciate that molds are omnipotent: they are present in every part of the world. So, there is no guarantee that one would not encounter molds at a particular place. The best way of combating allergy is to be on a regular preventive therapy with a combination of:-1.  Levocetirizine 5 mg twice a day2.  Montelukast 10 mg twice a day3.  Elastin nasal spray/ Chat Doctor.  If there is a transient flare up of allergic symptoms despite being on the above-mentioned
Hi Dear, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Understanding your concern. As per your query you have swelling and pain in leg. Well there can be many reasons for symptoms you mention in query like congestive heart failure, kidney failure, gout, venous insufficiency or diabetic ketoacidosis. I would suggest you to consult cardiologist without any delay. Doctor may order ECG, TMT along with troponin t test and complete blood profile. Doctor may prescribe beta blockers, diuretics along with anti coagulant. Doctor may refer you to nephrologist for kidney problem and endocrinologist for diabetes problem. For now stay calm, lower your salt consumption and keep legs elevated while sleeping. Also lower your salt consumption. Hope your concern has been resolved. Get Well Soon. Best Wishes,
Hi, thank you for choosing Chat Doctor. Kindly get your child examined when he has the cough to rule out any wheezing and also to check his sinuses to rule out any sinusitis as these lead to episodic cough. If he is fine in between cough episodes and his general checkup is normal no need to worry. Hope this has been helpful to you, kindly feel free to contact again for any queries. Kindly rate the answer if so. Take care.  Chat Doctor.
Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor.  As a Urologist, I can understand your anxiety. Pelviectasis and UTI can be related. The former makes a person, more prone for UTI. She must be examined by a Urologist and do the following tests :1. Urine routine and culture.2. Blood routine, creatinine,RBS, LFT,and platelets.3. Ultrasound-KUB must be done with residual urine estimation.4. In repeat UTI and/or sharp abdominal pain, she must have ACTIVE done. According to reports, an expert opinion can be given. Chat Doctor.  Manga.
Hi, welcome to our site. I am Chat Doctor, MD. Read your query. That is a very significant question and I appreciate your problem. I will try my best to answer your queryIdeally after a trauma to the head, at least one neuroradioimaging (CT/MRI) is essential. This test tells us if there is anything that may have gone wrong after the trauma therefore suggest that you go for the same test. It will inform us if anything is structurally wrong inside hope this helps you. Inform the reports mentioned above/if any other, so I can be of help further. I have given you the answer to the maximum considering the information provided. The results of the tests could further enhance my answer to you. Please do understand that some details could be extracted from a detailed history and examination. Please feel free to ask another query. I would be glad to help you. Looking forward to your return query with the details asked so that I can help you further. (If the answer has helped you, please indicate this)Best of luck.
Hello, Thank you for asking at Chat Doctor. I went through your history and would like to make suggestions for you as follows:1. I would suggest you allergy testing for common air-borne allergens like house dust mites, molds, pollen, insect proteins, animal dander (if you have pet), etc. As you have morning symptoms more often, I would first think of indoor allergens like house dust mites, molds and insect proteins. This will help you identify the substance causing allergies to you as well as to know the measures to avoid them.2. Based on allergy testing, an Allergist-Immunologist may prescribe you allergen specific immunotherapy which works on immune system to gradually improve allergy symptoms over a long duration. Please note that Immunotherapy takes time to become most effective. It gradually reduces your requirement of medications.3. For symptom relief, I would suggest you combination of montelukast and levocetirizine which will reduce your allergy symptoms.4. In general, please avoid exposure to dusts, smokes and air pollution as much as possible. Hope above suggestions will be helpful to you. Should you have any further query, please feel free to ask at Chat Doctor. Wish you the best of the health ahead. Thank you & Regards.
You didn't mention dose of Verapamil anyway if these Chat Doctor.  One thing I want to know about your pulse is whether it is regular or not. If its regular then choice is gabardine 5 MGH twice a day.it won't effect your BP and only control your heart beat. If its irregular then check with ECG about rhythm then appropriate medicine. Likely cause if Atrial fibrillation then lanolin can be a better option.
Hello ! Thank you for your query. Dear sir, Looking into your problem I think that probably all your symptoms can be attributed to Lupus at present. You didn't mention your age and tests positive on basis of which you were diagnosed having these illnesses. I advise you to immediately consult a rheumatologist to assess you for disease activity because you condition seems to be critically joint pains and fatigue can be because of lupus and additionally Rheumatoid arthritis plus fibromyalgia. Kidney infection in lupus patients requires immediate interventions .both routine blood tests like CBC, ESR,CRP Urine r/m and other specialized tests will be required for you as your thinks to be best. Your disease seems to be very active this time. Kindly get in touch with your doctor at earliest. Hope it helps you. Take care.
Hi, I can understand your concerns. Although marijuana does not reduce the anti-inflammatory (pain relieving) effects of naproxen however, marijuana when taken along with naproxen can increase the risk of liver damage. Your wife must inform her doctor if she gets fever, right upper abdominal pain, yellowish discoloration of the skin or eyes as these may be signs and symptoms of liver damage. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi Natural way of losing facial hairs which is being traditionally followed by our ancestors mainly include Turmeric. Turmeric can be alone applied on the skin, keep it for half an hour and wash it with pain water. Turmeric can be also mixed with equal amount of began (gram flour) with or without milk cream. This gives good results. If this doesn't help simple threading or bleaching skin in tone with your skin color shall really work. Do let me know for any additional information anytime. Take care. Best regards
Hello, It seems your wife is suffering from depression. Feeling sad, irritable, having sleep disturbances are all symptoms of depression. Most probably, she will need anti-depressants which will take care of her problems. Since most of the anti-depressants take a bit of time to show effect, she can be given some benzodiazepine in the initial phase of the treatment. As a psychiatrist, I would however strongly advise against any self-medication and would suggest meeting a local psychiatrist as soon as possible. Best Wishes
Hi, Thanks for posting in Chat Doctor. Symptoms you are experiencing like abdominal pain and loss of appetite could be associated with jaundice, as you are suspecting. However, clinically it needs to be detected by examination of sclera in daylight. Jaundice causes yellowish discoloration of skin and mucosa due to increased bilirubin levels in serum. Due to this, during the illness, you also pass high colored urine. Once suspected, jaundice needs to be proved at least by laboratory test called as Liver function test. It is mainly diagnosed by Total and Direct bilirubin levels along with enzyme levels in serum. Hence, you need to be clinically evaluated by Physician first followed by Liver function test done in the laboratory for confirmation. Based on the results, you would be appropriately treated. Hope the information provided would be helpful. All the best.
Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, As you were licked by a dog according to WHO categories it is categorized into Cat II to which thorough wound washing along with minimum of three doses of antirabies vaccine should be taken. As you have washed the wound thoroughly with antibacterial gel it will wash off the rabies virus if any present in the wound. As you are mentioning regarding the fungal infection of the vagina it is no where concerned with the dog bite. Rabies is a disease which is 100% fatal, but it is 100% preventable by proper and adequate treatment. So the genital fungal infection is common in females because of the normal anatomy of the female reproductive system. Thank you.
Hello dear, Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. I read and understand your concern. I am Chat Doctor answering your concern. No, it is advised to you that you should take the Chat Doctor. It is very difficult to treat the bursitis without treatment. Even rest can't help enough. Treatment plus rest can only cure you. Avoid gymnasium use till you are taking treatment. I will be happy to answer your further concern on bit.ly/
Hi, Dear,Good Early Morning, and Thanks for the query to Chat Doctor. I studied your query in details and understood your concerns.@My impression of your painful lump on the knee-is as follows--Could be-Infra-Patellar Bursitis with HY Chat Doctor. Treatment Suggested-a-Conservative Treatment-Cold compresses /Rest and immobilization of knee joint/Tab-Voltaren x 10 days time with Proton Pump inhibitor like pantoprazole, would relieve both the swelling in 10 days time significantly.a-Conservative treatment-With Cold comprises / Tab-NSAID-like Voltaren-x 5 days /Antibiotic-like Amoxicillin x 5 day.b-Aspiration with 18 bore needles would relieve -Synovitis with reduction in HY
You have developed angiogram with urticaria. In this patient have recurrent episodes of swelling of particular and personal area along with transient raised itchy rash over body... As anti histamines are the first line treatment start with oral fexofenadine or levocetrizine under dermatologist supervision. Steroids have a place only if antihistamines won't help... Treatment should last for long without gapping for earlier relief...thanks
Hi, You seem to suffer from seborrhea dermatitis most probably. Consult the dermatologist for the perfect diagnosis and proper treatment. Yeast may be there on scalp responsible for the disease. Stress is another factor. You may have greasy scales on the scalp and may be having itchiness and discomfort in scalp. Due to scratching, erosion might occur which ultimately lead to complication in the form of infection. So, perfect treatment is needed... I would suggest...-tab ketoconazole-tab folic acid - if needed, oral steroids in a tapering dose-if needed a course of antibiotic-apply steroid lotion like beclomethasone lotion on the scalp-shampoo daily with ketoconazole-containing shampoo-avoid stress-relax and avoid scratching. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care.  Chat Doctor.
Hello appreciate your concern for your husbandStomach pain might be related to gastritis or acid peptic disease due to stomach hyperacidity, another possibility is pancreatitis, gall stones or cholecystitis. Pain in private area might be related to urogenital infection or referred pain due to kidney stone. I see patients with similar complain tiny complaint and I would advise them for battery of tests like blood for hemoglobin, CBC, serum amylase, liver function test, urine culture and an ultrasound if need be. I would advise him to take antiacidity medicines like pantoprazole or sanitizing group of Chat Doctor. Ask him to have plenty of fluids and maintain good HY
For this bigeminy and trigeminal need to inspect ECG...if these are not producing any symptoms then no need to worry... Doctor can keep on some medication that will keep these under control... If at heart rate 40 is common only during sleep time if you are getting that means need to evaluate... Simple holder test will giver so much information about your heart rhythm. So you can do it... And your doctor also believe it
Hi, Thanks for asking the query, When you have braces on your teeth the Orthodontist will advise you to maintain a good oral hygiene to ensure that you keep your gums healthy. The best of brushing and flossing techniques when used along with the braces on will ensure that your gums are not swollen. Deep ultrasonic scaling followed by the course of antibiotics is required, use chlorhexidine mouthwash rinses twice daily. For gingival hyperplasia I would advise you to get an OPG done to rule out extent of infection or boneless if present and plan an appropriate treatment. Hope this helps out. Regards.
Based on your symptoms, it seems like you might be suffering from heart failure. We will need to conduct some tests to confirm the diagnosis.
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor, Please do not get disheartened and distressed. Polycythemia is a chronic disease of blood cells. The disease can be controlled, but it cannot be cured permanently. The red blood cell counts have to be kept under control to prevent the complications caused by high blood counts. The aggressive of disease is associated with its complications like occlusion of blood small blood vessels. Occlusion of blood vessels can lead to ischemia, thrombosis and even hemorrhage. Treatment of polycythemia is phlebotomy which involves bleeding of patient to reduced red cell mass. Hy Chat Doctor.
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor Plaque Psoriasis is characterized by the presence of well-defined, thick scaly plaques mainly involving the scalp, and extensor surfaces like elbow, knee, lower back unlike extensive psoriasis disease for which both oral and topical treatment is required, for limited disease topical treatment alone is effective. Specific treatment options for psoriasis plaques are topical steroid with or without salicylic acid, topical vitamin D analogues like calcitriol, calcipotriene etc. These are available in ointment form for plaques involving the body and in lotion form for scalp psoriasis. Besides specific remedies for psoriasis, moisturizers form an important part in the management of psoriasis because of the thick scaly nature of the plaques. Moisturizers enhance the penetration of topical active ingredients as well as prevents or delays side effects like skin atrophy etc. You have been on modern(a moisturizer), altar solution(coal tar+salicylic acid shampoo) and proposal NF 6ointment (steroid+salicylic acid ointment). I find it absolutely right and therefore, I would suggest that you continue with this prescription as advised by your doctor and follow up with your doctor every 2-4 weeks. Hope this helpsRegards
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor. You should not be worried at all to share your worries to a mental health professional (A Psychiatrist or psychologist), because it is our job, and it is exactly what you are supposed to do. When you share it with us, it will ventilate your stress which by itself will bring much relief. Multiple body pains including that in your chest which are atypical in nature could be a result of the psychological problems you may be having. I would recommend you to see a qualified psychiatrist who will be more than welcoming in understanding your problem. Hope I have answered your queries. Feel free to write if you need further clarifications. I'm sure you will get well soon.
Hi there Pain due to urine infection is very commonly referred to the back. I personally think that the urine infection has flared up again, and the pain is originating from there. I would suggest you to go to a urologist and get the culture and sensitivity test of your urine done. Start antibiotics according to the culture report. In the meantime you could take an analgesic SND muscle relaxant like Nicosia Mr and tramadol for your pain. I hope my advice has helped Good luck
Hi, thank you for providing the brief history of you. As you mentioned the pain is in the foot and also close to the first and second toe. It will be good if we take an x-ray to check out. Also, a urine test to figure out if it is indicating any particular injury. There is a possibility of anything but to mention a few -1. Stress fracture.2. Gouty arthritis3. Lumbar disc herniation4. Inflammation of the fascia, etc this are just few to mention. But to take care at home you need to first do hot water fermentation as it will improve the blood supply and dilate the pain from there. Post doing Hot water fermentation you can do some exercises for the feet like - picking the marbles from the floor with toes, picking the bits of paper, performing ankle toe movements as well. If the pain is subsided by this some home care activities it is well and good. Incase if it is not subsided than you need to a urine test, an x-ray and later if required an MRI. The better the sooner. Prevention is better than cure. Also see if you have any issues with the footwear. In fact most of the time the gait cycle can reveal that on what aspect of the foot you are applying too much weight. Well, I hope I have answered your query I feel. With the grace of God I wish you a speedy recoveryRegardsJay In Chat Doctor.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Tuberculosis after treatment heals by either fibrosis or calcification. And both these produce permanent scar tissue on chest x-ray. So for your query, I advise you to consult pulmonologist and get done 1. CT thorax 2. Bronchoscopy and BAD (bronchoalveolar lavage) analysis. CT thorax is much more informative than chest x-ray in lung scar. Broncos copy and BAD is more superior to rule out tuberculosis. If both these are negative for tuberculosis then you can argue with visa authority about not having active, infectious disease. Your right upper lobe densities are only old, healed, inactive lesions. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.
HiT hanks for posting on ChatDoctorJaundice can be a symptom of liver disorders or infections. Since he is responding positively to treatment, changing the hospital may not be the best option. Since it has be established that jaundice is due to liver infection, I will suggest you discuss your financial situation with your Doctor. Depending on the number of days of hospital treatment he has had, your Doctor may send him home on oral relay treatment depending on the type of liver infection. Regular reviews may be planned, and he will be followed up from the house. I will advise he takes enough water as well. Hope my answer will help you Best regards
The bluish coloration as you have described may occur when there is deoxygenated blood -that is blood with less oxygen in it. This condition in medical terms is called CYANOSIS (cyan meaning bluish). Since our heart is the pump that supplies us with oxygenated blood, the first step in a child with cyanosis would be to get the heart checked. Your doctor has correctly referred you to a cardiologist as this is the first step. Certain heart problems require a cardiologists' expertise. They would probably do a test called Echocardiogram to get a better view of the detailed working of the chambers, valves etc. of the heart.  Not all cardiac diseases present with chest pain or breathing problems. Some have mild symptoms and some do not have any symptoms. The elevation of the white blood cell count since it is marginal may or may not be significant. Medical care is very advanced in the 21st century & there is a solution for almost all problems. Warmest regards
Hi, Thank you for providing the brief history of you. Also, a thorough neuromuscular assessment is advised. As, you have pain in the posterior aspect of the chest cage, it could be a muscle spasm, since due to performing some physical activity, this could have occurred. Since you did not mention anything about the cold, cough etc., I do not think it will be a lung pathology. So, looks more of a muscular pain, which needs an attention. Undergoing physical therapy assessment and post that, Therapeutic ultrasound therapy and TENS therapy should reduce your pain. As, pain level reduces, the therapist will teach the exercises. RegardsJay In Chat Doctor.
Hi Dear, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Understanding your concern. As per your query you have eye swelling caused by severe tooth pain there is no need to panic, it is due to facial space infection. I would suggest you to :-- Give cold compresses to the site of swelling for 48 hours and after 48 hours start giving warm compresses.- Do not eat hard and hot foot for 48 hours and eat from other side.- Do warm saline rinses after 48 hours.- Take ibuprofen (if not allergic) or acetaminophen for pain and swelling. If swelling doesn't subside in 2-3 days then visit dentist again. Doctor may order X-ray to see main cause. Doctor may prescribe the course of antibiotics and root canal therapy. Hope your concern has been resolved. Best Wishes,
Hi Dear !! Thanks for your query to Chat Doctor. Read and reviewed your query and health concerns. IN the given situation of Yours, You seem to suffer from-OA (Osteoarthritis)with Synovial thickening, which is mostly causing noise while knee movements. This seems to be independent and mostly related to your obesity. This plan would reduce your dilemma from weird sound from knee. Other causes-like torn meniscal cartilage, bubbling gases in joint, sesmoid loose bodies need to be ruled out. Consults with Orthopedic doctor are suggested. Hope this would help you to plan further of this complex illness of yours. If need be, update any health issue 24 x 7 by a direct question Tod ME, at following Chat Doctor link-Dear, if satisfied, Dont forget to close this query with YOUR pleasing feedback comments to rate this reply and service, to boost the morale of incoming Emergency patients like YOU, at Chat Doctor services. If you want to update more details and ask more update queries, You are most Welcome herewith !! Good Day!! Wishing Good Healthy Life in time to come!! Chat Doctor. N. Senior Surgical Specialist. S. Genl-CVTS
Hi, When there is foul smelling discharge from one side only, and you are seeing something sponge like (sometimes this may be just an enlarged or inflamed turbinate from rhinitis), there is high chance of a foreign body being lodged there, causing secretions to pool up and secondary infection with foul smell. If no foreign body, this indicated rhinitis. Kindly get it examined by your doctor. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi, Thanks for posting your query at Chat Doctor. First, I would like you to mention, stress usually does not cause inflammation in the region of the incisive papilla. After reading your symptoms I feel that you may have injured/scraped that region due to something hard in your food. If you keep touching the area with either your tongue or your finger, it can lead to interruption in healing resulting in inflammation and pain on probing. I would recommend you to apply any good topical anesthetic ointment in the area 2-3 times/day. Do not aggregate the lesion by touching it. It should resolve in a day or two. If the problem does not resolve, you should visit a dentist for oral examination. Hope you feel better soon. Regards
Hi, Thank you providing the brief history of you. As you mentioned you met an accident and have injured 5 ribs, and you have on bruising over your thigh and swelling of right leg. Since you mentioned you have numbness and burning sensation over the right thigh it could be healing of the soft tissue of the skin. But to ask, have you taken any x-ray or MRI of the lumbar spine. As usually in RTA one shouldn't ignore spine. Any injury to spine is initially undetected and later gives symptoms. So I will recommend taking that.Also, to advice you, is to perform regular breathing exercises. There are types of it and a physical therapist can teach you.- Deep breathing- Purse lip breathing-Costal Breathing-Abdominal breathing.- Coughing and Huffington - perform all exercises by placing the hand over the injured ribs. As it will restrict the mobility of the ribs and will not interfere in healing.Also, this breathing exercises will help you gain strength in the muscles of respiration and also the abdominal muscles. Post this kindly do some simple upper limb and lower limb exercises to keep the joint mobility maintained and also the muscle property. Muscles should not go into wasting. Also you need to keep the right leg over the pillow when you are lying down to remove the metabolic waste. Due to metabolic waste the healing can be delayed to its better to focus on each corner. Later on once Your ribs turns out to be good, slowly progress to core stability and spine stretching so in future you will have a good and strong spine. As you must have noticed about the professional riders they all have a good abs, it is because to have a strong spine. Spine is the important segment of the human body which connects the upper and lower half of the body. Later on you will be focussing on lower limb strengthening as the best, so the weaker muscle becomes strong, and you have a strong regain. Also, if possible kindly take an MRI just to have a doubt clear that the spine is safe. The symptoms of burning and numbness can be because of it, so for ruling out this one doubt its on a safer side to get it done. I hope to see you soon with your motorcycle again. With the grace of God I wish you a speedy recovery regards
Hello, Let me divide the symptom first. For the speech, I think you need to check this out with the neurologist is there is any higher motor function or cranial nerve involvement. Only after an MRI and clinical examination, we can comment over this. Coming to your other symptoms like - numbness, pain, tingling, etc. which is radiating in nature I suspect this to be a nerve impingement in the lumbar spine. Due to which there are the symptoms present. Doing core stability exercises, spinal muscle strengthening exercises and lower limbs as a whole for strengthening will help improve the symptoms to reduce. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Jay In Chat Doctor.
Hi... Thank you for consulting in Chat Doctor. Greetings from Chennai. By what you quote I feel what your kid could be having moderate to severe persistent allergic rhinitis. I have a few questions for you -Questions:1. How many days per month does he have runny nose and blocked nose?2. How many nights per month does his sleep get disturbed due to above symptoms?3. Does he feel breathless when she runs around or plays with other kids?4. Are the symptoms when there are seasonal changes?5. Is there any family history of asthma or any other sort of allergies like skin allergy etc.?6. Are the symptoms always associated with fever? You can approach me at the following link. Please find the link below - www.ChatDoctor .com/doctors/ Chat Doctor.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your situation and problem. Pericarditis is less likely in your case.  Because your ECG, d dimer and CT scan is normal. Pericarditis if present, you must have elevated d dimer, characteristic ECG abnormality and CT scan positivity. So no need to worry much for Pericarditis. In my opinion you are having anxiety and related symptoms. So better to consult psychiatrist and get done counselling sessions. Try to identify stressor in your life and start working on its solution. Avoid stress and tension. Be relax and calm. Don't worry, you will be alright.
Hi, Sinarest which contains antipyretic (paracetamol), an antihistamine (chlorpheneramine) and nasal decongestant (phenylephrine) is commonly used for the symptomatic treatment of sinusitis and other conditions. Other formulations that contain the same ingredients are available over the counter as ivory or dolo-cold or revoked. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Degree understand your concerns went through your details. Abraham Maslow places affiliation needs as third requirement or need in his NEED HIERARCHY THEORY. You said you have anxiety and major depressive disorders. You did not mention your age, and you did not mention marital status, socio-economic condition etc. More information needed to ascertain your cause. But I can assure you, yearning for affiliation is not a mental disorder. Rather it is a need, essential. Introspect your past and you get your answer. If you require more of my help in this aspect, please use this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.
Hello.... Thanks for your query. The treatment options for OCD include:1. Anti-obsessive agents like fluoxetine2. Psychotherapy interventions like ERP/ Exposure and response prevention would suggest that a combination of the above modalities might suit your case. Clonazepam is long acting sedative and needs to tapered gradually over 2-3 months. Contact your psychiatrist at the earliest to discuss these options. Wish you speedy recovery. Regards Chat Doctor.
Thank you for your question. Masturbation is a regular physiologic process. It does not have any adverse effects. It does not cause any impotency in your future. You can do it as many times as you like.  There is no bad effects like premature graying of hair, thinning of legs, or thinning of face. Urge to masturbate is controlled by hormones, which is a common activity occur in all the people of your age. Try to reduce your stress by some other methods like yoga or daily exercises or playing sports.
Hello, I understand your concern and would explain that the higher heart rate in not related to your gallbladder.  The chest pain is quite normal after gallbladder removal, due to indigestion. I would just recommend avoiding spicy food and fat.  Regarding your high heart rate, I would recommend performing a resting ECG, cardiac ultrasound and some blood lab tests (complete blood count for anemia, thyroid hormone levels for thyroid gland dysfunction, blood electrolytes for possible imbalance).  A low dose of beta blocker could help reduce your heart rate.  You should discuss with your doctor on the above tests.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi.based from your description, it could be an infected sebaceous cyst or an abscess formation from a previous infection. A consult with a doctor, preferably a general surgeon, is best for physical examination and clinical evaluation. Diagnostics (such as ultrasound) and medical (proper antibiotic regimen) and surgical (excision and/or incision and Chat Doctor.  Proper hygiene and daily wound care will also be recommended. Hope this helps. Good day!!~
Hello, Since you have a history of smoking, are obese and have Cholesterol with pain on the left side of your chest, you should visit ER, or a Cardiologist & get physically examined. For pain, you can take Acetaminophen (Tylenol) & PPI's like Propantoprazol, one so when pained. Get all investigations, CBC, Urinalysis, Lipid function tests, X-Ray, ECG, Stress test, (CT & MRI if required) done to detect any developing coronary artery disease. Your treatment will depend upon the pathology detected. In the meantime stop eating oily-fatty food with trans-fat, red meat, avoid alcohol intake, stop smoking or addictions if any. Stay away from stress & take veggies, berries, fruits & homemade food. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care.
HI, thanks for using Chat Doctor Normally after 3 weeks, signs of inflammation such as swelling would have resolved unless there is lingering infection. Infection however would be associated with other signs and symptoms such as fever, increased warmth, tenderness, discharge. After any trauma, fibroid or scar tissue would form at the site. It is possible that the swelling that are noticing is scar tissue especially if there are no other indicators of infection. You can consider monitoring it. I hope this helps
Dear user first I would like you not to get worried of that and just we can take this simply and seriously at same time....tiredness and exhaustion may refer to psychological cause sir anemic causes and sometimes other pathogenic causes.....so first try to see how is she and is there is any anxiety or psychological problems with her or emotional troubles with her family as the child Chat Doctor. ......second if she looks pale or have multiple urination that called polyuria you should see your doctor to do blood tests and measure her hemoglobin because there is sudden anemia occur to infants called acute anemia may cause this exhaustion and tiredness and the doctor may check if there is pathogenic cause....follow this simple steps, and she will be fine.....I wish you and her healthy life
HiT hanks for your query. Incomplete data like age, sex, site of dog bite, etc. You have to take FIVE doses of in anti rabies vaccine intramuscularly (deltoid region of your arm) on the following days....0,3,7,14, and 28 days.(Day "0" is the day of taking the first dose of the antirabies vaccine)Beside you should also take in Tetanus toxic (intramuscularly in the buttock), the cleaning and Chat Doctor. Yes, you can have sexual intercourse during the period of vaccination. Hope this answers your query.
Hi, Thank you for posting your query. Your husband has had a brain tumor surgery. Post surgery, there is a risk of seizures (fits) due to either scar of the surgery or due to minimal residual (left over) tumor. Therefore, medicines such as level and Frisian have been started. These are anti-epileptic Chat Doctor.  Symptoms of black-outs are more likely to be fits, rather than the side effects of these medicines. However, please consult his doctor for sorting this out. Best wishes,
Hi welcome to Chat Doctor forum.  Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor. F.  Don't worry about the stomach pain, it may be due to gastric irritation due to type of food you had at some time during these 3 months. It can be corrected by using P.P.I, and antacids with the advice of your doctor.  The numbness in the hands and feet should be taken care of, I advise you to consult a physician, to exclude any possibilities of post partumaclemptia, though occur immediately after delivery, it can occur at any time below 4 months after delivery, there may be increase in B.P., or protein in the urine are the confirming factors. It is only to exclude the condition.  The numbness also could be due to anemia , neuritis etc. Wishing for a quick recovery, if you have any doubts you can approach the Chat Doctor. F.  Best regards.
Respected user, hi Thanks for using Chat Doctor.come have evaluated your query thoroughly.* Causes of pain from neck to chest may be (with normal x-ray chest) - neck muscles related sprain or strain - nerve compression below clavicle - rib, cartilage, intercostal muscle related issues - cardiac conditions (valve, chamber or blood vessel related) - pericardial issues - others Hope to clarify your query. Welcome for further questions. Thanks for using Chat Doctor .com & giving opportunity to assistWishing fine recovery. Regards dear.
Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thank you for your query. There are various conditions which can cause river and seen swelling. Most common are hematologic disorders such as thrombocytopenia purpura, hemolytic anemia etc. Also, some vascular disorders and vascular obstruction, some metabolic diseases and infectious disease. You need detailed gastroenterologist examination and tests to rule all this out.  Hope I have answered your query.  Regards
Hey Dear! There is no issue to crush the tablet ad swallow it by mixing it with spoon water. Because this is what will happen to this tablet inside your stomach. Just go ahead with it. On a side note let me tell you how to swallow a pill. Take out your tongue out fully and just at the root of tongue put tablet or capsule. And when you will retract your tongue inside your mouth tablet will be almost near to your neck. Just one sip of water will be enough to take the pill.
Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor forum.  It appears that you have a lumbar spondylosis, along with the other diagnosed conditions.  I advise you to consult an orthopedic surgeon for diagnosis and treatment. You may need to have M.R.I. for diagnosis.  I usually prescribe to my patient with such symptoms neurotrophic injections for 10 consecutive days, ofloxacin, and painkillers.  Avoid taking potato, other tubers, tomato, egg, chicken, and seafoods.  Wishing for a quick and complete recovery. Thank you.
Hello, I have understood your concerns.your husband has high blood pressure and with meds it has controlled, then most common reason for this kind of symptoms is depression, so i ll suggest u to go for proper psychiatric interview and psychological evaluation. He must be remaining depressed, has lack of interaction as compared to past, lack of sleep, not taking proper food, navigability, tiredness, heaviness in head must be due to decrease sleep and stress of work and from worries about future...go for psychiatric consultation. With antidepressant medication he will be alright within 2 months, but meds shut be continued as per advice from the psychiatrist...u can give him meds like: tablet. Escitalopram [10 mg] once at night.for sleep tablet collided [ambient 10 mg] at night.regular exercise, proper diet, meditation and yoga will be helpful he can also go for psychotherapy...I hope this advice will be helpful to u.best of luck
Hi, thanks for providing the brief history of you. Since you mentioned you have swollen ankle and feet, first need to understand what is your age? Secondly suspecting a clot in the veins if you have such thought in mind than you can meet up a vascular surgeon and undergo a Doppler test for finding if any is present. If there is a clot the vascular surgeon will help you for the same. For time being before coming to any conclusion you can try this conservative treatment of dipping the feet and ankle in hot water and then keeping it elevated over a pillow to allow the metabolic waste to Chat Doctor.  And perform some simple ankle toe movements and straight leg raise while lying down. It will help to reduce swelling as well. If you are obese than you need to look for reducing the weight. On the other hand, specialist are always there outside close to you to diagnose and help you with your medical illness. Do not get self diagnosed or self-medicated and later take a tension of the same. With the grace of God I wish you a speedy recovery
Hi. Welcome to Chat Doctor. I read your query. The pus on the lingual side of lower teeth can be due to tooth or gum infection. Check if there is any cavity in corresponding teeth. Or if you had any trauma to lower teeth, any toothbrush injury or calculus. I suggest you to visit a dentist and get an x-ray done. If it is due to periapical infection, you may need RCT of affected tooth. In case of gum infection, you may need curettage and scaling of that portion of gums. Both are minor procedures, usually done under local anesthesia. Do warm saline rinses. This will help in Chat Doctor.  Your dentist will prescribe you antibiotics and painkillers. Brush twice daily. Take healthy diet, vitamins, minerals. Hope the answer helps you. Thank you!
Thanks for using ChatDoctormetallic taste in mouth could be due to poor oral hygiene, you need to improve your oral hygiene by brushing your teeth even in nighttime before going to bed, use mouth wash, for polyps in GB it needs further evaluation consult a gastroenterologist for further management, and block in bile flow causes other symptoms like jaundice and itching. Burning sensation in penis could be due to urinary tract infection, get urine routine test and urine culture done. Get well scorecards
Hi.noted history of post-operative pain. It is normal to experience this pain or discomfort from time to time, especially with movements. Even those who was operated on several years back, may experience occasional "pain" or discomfort over the post-operative site. Usually, it resolves spontaneously, even without analgesic intake. If the symptom is persistent and/or progressive, it is best if you do a follow-up consult with your doctor, for physical examination and clinical evaluation. Diagnostics and management will be directed accordingly. Hope this helps. Good day!!~ Chat Doctor.
Hi. Looks like your son has only soft tissue injury with no brain injury. Cause for the pain and swelling:- soft tissue will heal be itself but during the course there will be minimal pain.-post trauma normally there will be edema, fluid collection at that site due to early response by the body to injury and due to gravity the fluid normally gets collected more over the lower eyelids (ecchymosis) in case of head injury which will get absorbed over time.  Things to do:1)Bed rest, HY Chat Doctor. 2)Take painkillers as advised by the pediatrician as it has dose as to be calculated and given as per body weight.3)He can b given serriopeptidase to reduce the swelling.4)Cold compression will help.5) if headache is persisting and any sins of head injury (loss of consciousness, vomiting, giddiness, seizures) occur report to the hospital immediately.
Hi welcome to Chat Doctor.... I can understand your concern.... Here your liver enzymes and HBV DNA are within normal range ...so don't worry about that .... You are carrier for Bag .... If your HBV DNA high(at least greater than 2000 IU/ml) and if liver enzymes elevated than you might be in active stage for which antiviral medication given.... But here you don't have to worry .... Regular follow up needed .... Maintain healthy dietary habit and avoid alcohol..... Hope your concern solved ... Take care
Hi, Thank you for posting your query. It is very difficult to answer your queries without having the full clinical data. We need to know the cause of his seizures and developmental delay. Is it because of complications during delivery, or any brain disease or a metabolic abnormality? We also need the findings of MRI brain and EEG. Having said that, most child Chat Doctor.  But they would get better over time.  However, good seizure control with medications and specialized training would help the child a lot in getting better. I hope it helps. Best wishes,
Hi, In big corporate or government hospitals there are all departments of different faculties. In one faculty if work or examination of other faculty requires then they refer to that particular faculty for examination and investigations. In your case orthopedic surgeon requires some investigations or opinion from medical faculty they refer to medical department. If in that particular hospital there is no medical specialist available, they refer outside for medical check up. After medical report orthopedic surgeon go further for treatment. Ok and take care.
HIT hank for asking to ChatDoctorThis could be autoimmune disorder, and might have got infection by itching, still I would advise you to better get your self examined by medical person, for symptomatic relief you can apply any skin soothing agent along with some antibiotic preparation (If it really fills with pus), only corticosteroid does help very nicely if it is autoimmune disease (College) but I won't advise you for steroid because it has to be given after clinical examination and under medical supervision, have good day.
Hi, Thanks for writing to Chat Doctor.Sometimes it takes time for implantation up to 6 to 12 days after fertilization. And to become UPT positive 1 wk after implementation.  I would suggest you to repeat up tone wk later. One more possibility is after GUI you will be put on progesterone tablets. This progesterone causes side effects like weakness, nausea, abdominal pain mimicking pregnancy symptoms. If you have not conceived this time then these symptoms will subside once you stop progesterone tablets.  They come in name of duphastone or sustain brand names. Hope I have been helpful. Regards Chat Doctor.
Thanks for your query, I have gone through your query. The soreness over the gum and the alveolar ridge could be an ulcer secondary to the use of tobacco. It can be a leukoplakia or erythroplakia or ulcerative lesion. Consult an oral physician to get these things ruled out. If the lesion does not heal in 2 weeks then get it biopsied to rule out cancer. The lesion what you are describing looks like malignant lesions. Immediately stop the habits, take antioxidants like capsule lycopene, and you can take topical anesthetics and analgesic like Anabel gel. Consume a lot of green leafy vegetables and turmeric. I hope my answer will help you, take care.
Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. He has lump and enlarged lymph node.  It can be due to some malignancy or soft tissue tumor.  In malignant lesion it can be Hodgkin lymphoma or some carcinoma.  Or soft tissue tumor like multiple lipoma or neurofibroma with reactive lymph node enlargement.  So you should wait for biopsy report. It will give you exact diagnosis. Then you should take treatment according to diagnosis. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
HIT hank for asking to ChatDoctorI really appreciate your concern, if this is Multiple Sclerosis, then this may not damage the Pancreas, this is fluctuating type of pathological disease that mainly hurts the peripheral and motor nervous system and such condition reversed mostly living not permanent damages, your moral, and will power is the important factors, otherwise no need to worry about this, hope this information helps you have nice day.
Hello Ms Re eta, Probably the brain damage following the head injury was too much and so your father has not recovered. Unconsciousness for 20 days following an injury is very long and indicates poor chances of functional recovery. The doctor must have assessed the brain functions by means of examination before communicating to you that it is not functioning properly. The decision to take him home remains with you. There are no medications which can really improve brain function in such situations. Any recovery that occurs is due to the healing of the injury to the brain on its own. Nursing care is most important in such condition. Good luck.
Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, Infection in the throat if it is not treated properly the infective agents can disseminate to other parts of the body. If the proper antibiotics are not taken definitely it can be systemic infection affecting other systems also. If you swallow the infective agent definitely it has got all the possibility that it will cause the symptoms of the affected system. I would suggest you to take appropriate antibiotic and control spread of infection to other parts of the body. Thank you.
Hello, Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor for posting your query. I have gone through your question in detail and I can understand what you are going through. You have an olfactory hallucination and the first suspicion that one should get on having these hallucinations are1. Local nasal pathology2. Space occupying lesion in the brain. You first have to get examined from a ENT surgeon to see if there is any local nasal pathology leading to this kind of symptoms. If it is normal then you should go ahead with CT scan brain to identify any SOL in the brain compressing in the olfactory pathway leading to the bad smell. The last possibility is a psychiatric illness causing bad smell. Hope I am able to answer your concerns. If you have any further query, I would be glad to help you. If not, you may close the discussion and if possible you may rate the answer for me, so that I get good feedback. In future if you wish to contact me directly, you can use the below-mentioned link:bit.ly/ Chat Doctor.
Hi there, Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Increased thirst and increased urination especially in the night could be signs of diabetes mellitus. You need to check your blood glucose levels to rule out diabetes mellitus. There are many causes for abdominal pain. With symptoms suggestive of diabetes mellitus, this abdominal pain could be due to urinary tract infection. This infection can also explain increased need to urinate. Urinalysis may be done to confirm it. So as first step, get your blood glucose level checked and get an urinalysis done. Is this answer helpful?
Hello, The medication is called Fluconazole. Rifleman is the US brand name of a tablet that is swallowed. The medication is available by prescription. Dosage and length of use is determined by your doctor. This can vary and must be confirmed for your circumstances. Fluconazole may be given as a liquid, tablet or capsule. For oral thrush, popular alternative rinses or lozenges, are Clotrimazole, Statin, Itraconazole and Ketoconazole. There are combination solutions called "magic mouth" that vary in composition with an antifungal medicine, anti-inflammatory medicine and possibly pain medication to help treat thrush and provide symptom relief. Concerns with other medications you may be taking must be considered. I see you have a condition with cancer. You must confer with your doctor to follow the medication as directed. The pharmacy can clarify all details with the doctor and will clearly label the medication with instructions. Thank you for contacting Chat Doctor. I am glad to offer further assistance and hope you will be able to fill your prescription soon. I hope you find my information useful. I am sorry, but I do not know your location to make recommendations on cost saving locations for this medicine.
Hello, I passed carefully through your question and would explain that it is necessary evaluate her heart function and exclude possible heart failure, which may mimic this clinical situation.Gastroesophageal reflux may mimic this situation too, although the dizziness is not typical of this disorder. Coming to this point, I would recommend performing a cardiac ultrasound and NT-pro BNP levels to investigate for heart failure. Other tests to consider would be:- A chest X-ray study-Blood electrolytes- Kidney and liver function tests would also recommend trying an anti-acid or PPI (Omeprazole, Pantoprazole, et cetera). If her symptoms improve, a fibro-gastroscopy may be necessary. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
His have gone through the detail, and it is a CSE of refractory seizure. EEG test can show false positive or false negative result. I would like to know was the MRI done with epilepsy protocol as standard MRI brain may also show no abnormality. There is one modality called MRI with epilepsy protocol in which emphasis is given to find out the cause of epilepsy like medial temporal epilepsy or conical dysplasia. These condition needs to be treated surgically if not controlled by medication. I would like to add topiramate which is a very good medication particularly for refractory seizures. Thanks and regards
Gud morn.the symptoms u have mentioned points towards contact allergic dermatitis occurring due to allergy .hence u should even take oral anti histamine tablets to control your allergy .tablet levocetrine twice daily for 3 days can be taken .as your having pus too, it's a sign of secondary bacterial infection and so taking antibiotic like retro twice for three days also will help u. Continue renovate -g ointment and better take good diet full of iron rather avoiding some foods.cause strengthening your immunity will reduce the condition earlier .or u can even take iron tablet daily one for at least ten days.don't do itching over the rash and avoid further ornaments in future too .as your allergic to it.usually such rash takes nearly 2wks to get relieved completely so have patience and take the treatment .
Hello. I fully understand the complexity of your situation. It is not easy to do right step without consent. But I agree that CSF leakage is major risk factor for meningitis. The treatment of leakage hole should be utmost aseptic treated. And Bactrim is fine like prevention, but it is not 100%! I suggest you should try to speak with your wife to do surgical intervention to stop leakage. Hope to find good layout from this problem.
Hello! Thank you for the query. Lower abdominal pain can be caused by several diseases including: urinary bladder infection, urinary bladder stones, uterine or ovarian infection, ectopic pregnancy, inguinal hernia and many more. If your symptoms are associated with burning when urinating it can be urinary tract problem, if your pain aggravates when laughing and the pain is localized in one side groin it can be inguinal hernia. As the pain itself does not suggest any of these diseases, the very first step for you should be physical examination by your doctor. Fool blood work, liver and pancreas enzymes, pregnancy test and urine tests should be performed as well as abdominal ultrasound. Depending on the results of these tests further diagnosis can be planned. If you suffer also from constipation or /and diarrheas, blood or mucus in stool, lost of weight colonoscopy might be necessary. Hope this will help. Regards
Hi welcome to Chat Doctor forum.  Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor. Forum.  You got gall bladder removed 3 years back. Since 3 months you had pain lower middle abdomen, soft burning at each hip bone. Kidney pain, pain right lower qua Chat Doctor.  You got throat pain, red throat, and some scars on hands which are common every winter.  The abdominal pain doesn't appears to be due to operation. More pain in the lower abdomen, so it may be due to urinary tract infection or stones in the urinary tract. Throat pain may be due to infection of the throat.  Upper abdominal pain may be related to change in the food like spicy food.  I advise you to consult a physician for diagnosis and treatment. You may need to have M.R.I., culture and sensitivity of the throat swab for confirmation.  Wishing for a quick and complete recovery.  Best regards.
Hi, Thank you for posting your query. Pituitary tumor is a benign tumor in most cases. Also, for small pituitary tumors, surgery is not required. Medications such as Caroline or bromocriptine is used to treat this condition. Prolactin levels would Chat Doctor.  Regarding seizures, they are not connected to pituitary tumor. They are an unrelated problem. EEG may be normal in about 50% cases of epilepsy. So, your doctor may start anti-epileptic medications to prevent any further seizures. Best wishes,
Hello! Thank you for the query. First you need to calm down as this does not sound like a cancer. However, you need to look closer to your symptoms and have some diagnostics. If you do suffer from constipation for years, have had blood or mucus in stool and lost some weight recently, you should have colonoscopy performed. Your hemorrhoids might need some surgery which can also set you free from stenosis. Your throat and tongue pains connected with abdominal pain can be due to acid reflux disease and throat inflammation due to acid irritation. If you do have chest burning, upper middle pain after a meal, nausea, you should have upper GI endoscopy. Moreover, you should have abdominal ultrasound, full blood work and urine analysis performed. Hope this will help. Regards.
Hi thanks for asking question. Facial swelling could be by heart failure like case especially right sided. Measure your blood pressure and ECG Is advisable. Second do your serum protein estimation. If hypoproteinemia is present then osmotic pressure low and edema can occur. Do your thyroid profile also to rule out possibility of hypothyroidism. Liver problem can lead swelling . But it us usually in advance stage. Cirrhosis or chronic liver disease can lead edema.USG will be helpful. If still swelling present and no cause identifiable then detail history and physical examination done to do further work up. Take care. Wish you good health. Chat Doctor.
From the way you describe your symptoms, in my opinion I am more inclined to believe that you might be having Generalized Anxiety Disorder. But before coming to that diagnosis, I would want to evaluate your heart and vascular function. I would like to know if you are diabetic, hypertensive, smoking, under constant emotional stress. The reason I would want to know this is that these are risk factors to develop heart disease later, and so they are to be treated now. An ECG may be done though it is most likely that you would have a normal one, but it is better to confirm it. Having a family history of heart disease DOES NOT make you 100% likely to get heart disease. It is possible that you may never get it too. Once I am sure that your heart is normal I would suggest you to meet a psychiatrist who routinely treats Generalized Anxiety Disorder. There are several behavioral therapies that may help you apart from Chat Doctor.  Some of the medicines that may use include fluoxetine, paroxetine citalopram, buspirone. Since these are prescription medicines, it is best you consult the psychiatrist. I hope this helps.
Hi and thank you for sharing your concern in Chat Doctor. I read carefully your question. In my opinion as a chest physician i don't think you need to worries about cancer since from the symptoms you describe, your age , your smoking history, the possibility is very low to nothing. I would encourage your decision to quite the cigarette since smoking is a strong risk factor of lung cancer, lung disease, heart disease. I wish you good health. Kind regards Chat Doctor.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Yes, brachytherapy is good option for you. In fact, it is the only option for you because surgery is very risky at that location. Possibility of facial nerve damage is high in surgery. So better not to go for surgery. Brachytherapy is non-invasive, so safe and will need to cause any damage to facial nerve or other structures. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.
Hello, Thanks for trusting us with your health concern. The mini pill contains only progesterone and all the available brands contain the same preparation, north Chat Doctor.  The pill may be started from day one of the cycle or on the nearest Sunday, whichever is convenient. Before starting the medication, your wife needs to be evaluated if she is fit to receive it and there are no allergies to the medication and the Thorazine content in the preparation. Periodic evaluation to check the hepatic, coagulation and cardiovascular profile is necessary. Any breast masses must be reported immediately. The brand names "Camila", "Micron or" or "North
Hello, As pain coming and going is always having to be assessed and examined when the symptoms are high. Usually, the blood tests are performed to check out if any pathology of infection is leading to such. Since the tests are normal for now I will advise you to take dietary supplements of calcium and also vitamin D through sunbath. Usually, in some cases, it happens due to lack of calcium and vitamin D. Also, try doing regular 30 minutes of regular physical exercise and see if these symptoms are coming again. Because with physical exercise your metabolism and muscle physiology will improve, and the symptoms should not arise again. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Jay In Chat Doctor.
Hi, Thank you for posting your query. White matter hyperintense lesions on MRI brain are commonly seen in patients with chronic migraine. In isolation, there is no need to worry about this finding. However, if other vascular risk factors such as diabetes, high BP, high cholesterol or smoking is present, there may be a higher risk of getting brain stroke. So, please continue the anti migraine medications. Wishing you good health, Chat Doctor.
Hello, I understand your concern. I am Chat Doctor, Infectious diseases specialists, responding to you. If anemia is of high grade like 5 or less than the matter sorry some. Having diabetes and anemia in combine itself won't increases risk. Until the bleeding of your father won't stop it will never possible to recover from the anemia It is advice to stop the bleeding and start the iron therapy to stop the anemia progressing. I will be glad to answer your further query. Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. Wish you the best health. Thank you, ChatDoctor.
HI, thanks for using Chat Doctor Since there are no respiratory symptoms then it may be another viral illness such as dengue, chikungunya or a similar illness. These conditions cause fever along with joint and muscle pain. It can take a few weeks for recovery to occur. Your doctors may want to consider assessing to see if one of these or a related condition, is the cause of your symptoms. I hope this helps
Hi. Thanks for posting query at Chat Doctor. Usually ALT or AST values higher than "two times the upper normal limit", is considered abnormal (in some countries, ALT or AST values of more than 100 are considered abnormal). Value of AST or ALT greater than 85 or above maybe investigated further. Alcohol ingestion and obesity are common causes of fatty liver disease. Advice for fatty liver:- abstinence from "Alcohol" - LOW fat diet should be followed, AVOID junk food and beverages-decreased oil consumption (oily food)- NO red meat-green vegetables should be ingested daily-use lemon juice (lemonade) once in a day-reduce weight if overweight/obese-"recheck liver enzymes after 6 to 8 weeks" and/or ultrasound. Any further questions are welcomed. Hope to answer your concern. Wish you good health. Regards, Chat Doctor.
Hi welcome to Chat Doctor forum.  Thanks for sending a question to Chat Doctor. Forum.  You woke up with headache, next day you had chest congestion and opaque lime colored sputum, body pains, and delirium, after taking some tablets, there is swelling of face, and discharge from the ear, and hearing difficulty, I was told that the tablets are of sulfur.  You are an asthmatic, arthritis, allergies, and depression.  It appears to be the upper respiratory infection caused headache fever, etc. Lead to middle ear infection and temporary hearing loss.  I advise you to consult a physician for diagnosis and treatment. Of course, you have all the features of allergy with these symptoms.  Wishing for a quick and complete recovery.  Best regards.
Hi, Thanks for your question. After going through your question, there is likely possibility of Supra ventricular tachycardia a type of cardiac arrhythmia. Cardiac arrhythmia is due to abnormality in conduction system of heart. You should consult cardiologist. Following investigation may help you - 1) ECG during episode of palpitations and dizziness will give better idea that ECG at rest. 2) Holders Monitoring and Electrophysiologist study of heart. 3) 2DEcho of heart. 4) Blood test like Kidney and Liver function test, Thyroid function test, serum calcium, magnesium.  Hope this helps you, if so do vote helpful.
Hello according to your report it seems you have simple cyst in left ovary which is causing pain to you in left side of the stomach. As you have not specified the size of the cyst It's difficult to comment on it. It will be advisable to show the report and consult a gynecologist for the same. As for the right sided HY Chat Doctor.  But as there is no comment on any stone presence in right kidney there are 2 possibilities. Either the stone must have slipped off and passed out in urine, or it has not been picked up on the USG scan for which you might need CAT study to pick it up. Kindly consult your gynecologist with the report and follow up. Thank you
Hi.noted history of abdominal pain and liver concerns. It is best if you consult with a doctor, preferably a gastroenterologist or a general surgeon, for physical examination and clinical evaluation. It may be of hepaticopancreaticobiliary tree problem, such as liver cysts, gallstones or other gallbladder disease. Diagnostica (such as ultrasound, complete blood count, etc.) and management (medical and/or surgical if indications are found) will be directed accordingly. Hope this helps. Good day!!~ Chat Doctor.
Dear patient The nature of injury you describe seems not grievous. But only thing that is bit of worry is blurring of vision. It would have been better if you had described the exact nature of blurring of vision. If that was just transient phenomenon then there is nothing much to worried about. But if the symptoms are ongoing then you need to consult a doctor. I don't think presence of past epilepsy has anything to do about of present set of complaints
Hi. The bad itching can be due to local dermatitis and scratching enhances the problem for nor allowing it to heal. The sweat and other factors increase the problem. The minor injuries inflicted during itching can lead to collection of small abscesses, this is what you must have. Do not apply any local ointments as it can lead to growth of opportunistic bacteria to give rise to the worst form of infection. You may apply locally liquid provide iodine as it kills all bacteria and is the least reactive. Keep the area clean and Chat Doctor. Consult a Doctor to get a prescription based antibiotics and multivitamins. This will heal very fast. Continue multi-vitamins for a long duration for the skin integrity to increase nicely.
Hi. I guess you have not consulted a dermatologist and the cause of hair fall has not been established yet. There are many reasons for hair fall and the cause needs to be established for a proper treatment. Collinear is a biotin supplement and is modestly effective in controlling hair loss due to halogen effluvium. It has limited role in hair fall due to other causes. Collinear, being a supplement, has fewer side effects unless you use it for a pretty long time. Hope your queries are answered.
Hi, You have a 35 days cycle. So the ovulation should be around 21st day of cycle.  As per your history, this time you had spotting, which lasted for one more week. So ovulation could not take place & so no chance of pregnancy in the month.  The sore breast brown discharge off & on suggest Either missed abortion(previous month pregnancy) OR hormonal imbalance.  To pinpoint the condition you should be physically examined by a Gynecologist & investigated (USG abdomen) The treatment can be decided after that only. Please don't worry, it can be easily managed by proper approach.  Thank you.
Hello! Thank you for the query. From your description this lump is most likely a sebaceous cyst. Its very characteristic for such cyst to get infected from time to time. If it happens, it gives pain, swelling and redness. Due to pus accumulation it becomes tender. The best treatment of such lump is its removal. Otherwise, it will be recurring. That is why you should consult general surgeon and have it removed. Hope this will help. Regards.
Hi. Thanks for your query and an elucidated history. Very nice to know that an ER Nurse is asking the query and the medical language you used is really great. Well, you are absolutely correct, this is the rare site to have a lymph node. I hope she (granddaughter) I'd already out on the correct antibiotic and anti-inflammatory medicines as per her weight and severity of the condition. Please give it for 7 days minimum. GO for ultrasonography and FNAC=fine needle aspiration cytology. Both this investigation will definitely support the diagnosis. If this is non-specific infection in origin and a lymph node - please continue medicines for 3 weeks and the problem will be solved. If this is not a lymph node, it would be wise to get the lump excised.  For 2 reasons.1> your get rid of the disease and 2> you get the histopathological diagnosis-makes you tension-free. All the best, I can understand when a granddaughter is ill ...
Dear Friend. Welcome to Chat Doctor. I am Chat Doctor. I have read your query in detail. Furthermore, I understand your concern. There can be some coagulation disorder, ITP or even vasculitis. I would like to see the rash/bruise. If possible attach a pic. Also get following investigations:1. Hologram including platelet count2. PT/INR3. Aptt4. Mathis is my best advice for you with the available details, if you have any further query, please ask us. Stay Healthy
Hello Radar, Thank you for asking at Chat Doctor. I went through your history and would like to make suggestions for you as follows:1. I would almost agree with your current treatment and would suggest you to continue Montcalm for sinusitis.2. To know healthiness of lungs, I would suggest you spirometry which measures your lung capacity. 3. For diagnosis of allergies, I would suggest you allergy testing which will help you identify the substances causing allergies to you and also to know the measures to avoid them. Based on the report, an Allergist-Immunologist may prescribe you allergen specific immunotherapy which works on immune system to gradually improve allergy symptoms over a long period. This consists the further treatment of allergies.4. In general, I would suggest you to avoid exposure to dusts, smokes and air pollution.5. Regular breathing exercises and a healthy diet also will help you in a long run. Hope above suggestions will be helpful to you. Should you have any further query, please feel free to ask at Chat Doctor. Wish you the best of the health. Thank you & Regards.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Since you are heavy and strenuous work, possibility of musculoskeletal pain is more likely. So avoid heavyweight lifting and strenuous exercise. Avoid movements causing pain. Avoid sudden jerky movements of chest and shoulder. Apply warm water pad on affected areas of chest and shoulder. Take painkiller like ibuprofen or acetaminophen. Yoi will mostly improve with all these in 2-3 days. Of not improving then consult doctor. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.
THANKS FOR YOUR QUERY. To encourage in studies you may follow the mentioned steps:Ask your kids how they feel about various issues (current events, relationships, values). Allow them to have opinions without passing judgment. Ask your child Chat Doctor. Encourage your kids to have interests of their own. If they show curiosity about a hobby, area of study, sport, or instrument, encourage and support them in any way your finances allow. Play game books. Read audiobooks on CD or MP3. Expose your child to a wide variety of experiences including music, plays, sports, museums, travel, reading, dance, games, food, puzzles, ethnic activities, etc. Play "thinking games" with your kids. Scrabble and chess are examples. Leave interesting books and materials lying around for your child to explore. Role play. Be the student and let your child teach a lesson. Motivate them! Keep it fun....not stressful. If you demonstrate excitement about learning and are open to your child
Hello! Welcome on Chat Doctor ! I understand your concern and would explain that his symptoms could be related to blood pressure fluctuations. It is important to investigate for the possible causes of these blood pressure fluctuations. For this reason, I would recommend performing some tests (if you have not performed them yet): - blood electrolytes- PCR, sedimentation rate for inflammation- thyroid hormone levels for possible thyroid dysfunction- a Head Up Tilt test for possible orthostatic hypotension. Considering the fact that he has been smoking for such a long time, I would also recommend performing a Doppler ultrasound of the carotid arteries. Hope you will find this answer helpful! Best wishes,
Hi. I understand your concern. It may be associated with lamotrigin(capital). To avoid this it is necessary to start with low dose and gradually increase the dose of capital. If it is occurred frequently then consult your psychiatrist and discuss with them. It can be prevented also with increase the dose of Xanax. Routine investigations are also advisable including serum calcium to rule out metabolic and nutritional causes of twitching. So consult and get help. I hope I have answered your query. Thank you.
Hi Dear, Understanding your concern. As per your query movable lumps in floor of mouth could be due to stone in salivary ducts which open near floor of mouth such as submandibular gland. Such stone blocks saliva flow and causes pain especially when swallowing. Infection in surrounding areas of tooth could be the cause for this. I would suggest you to consult dentist or palynologist with this issue. In case of stone, simple incision can help. In case of tooth infection root canal treatment is recommended. Chew on citrus substances. Do warm saline gargles. Hope your concern has been resolved. Get Well Soon. Best Wishes,
Hello, It may be due to performance anxiety. For further assessment you may require complete hologram, lipid profile, electrocardiogram after physician consultation. Along with that Avoid stress and strenuous activity. Keep your self HY Chat Doctor.  Avoid smoking and alcohol. Till then, you can take tablet sildenafil and duloxetine one hour before sexual act Hope I have answered your query... Let me know if I can assist you further.
HIT hank for asking to ChatDoctorThis may be an insect bite, but for sure it is not poisonous, because it is almost a week gone since you have this lesion, if it was a poisonous then it would have manifested in that way and this could have happened immediately after the bite but nothing such thing happened til mow, only possibilities are infection because of bite and second there must be some foreign body inside the lesion (Part of fang), better go to see these, have nice day
Most probable reason of brown saliva could be blood in your saliva .  Chat Doctor. .  Consult a dentist to get a check-up. You may need a full mouth scaling. For the time being you can start with Hi-Ora GA (gum astringent) mix it with residing M gel (chlorehexidine + metronidazole) and apply over gums 5-6 times daily . Start using a good chlorhexidine mouth wash mix it with Luke warm saline water and rinse your mouth 3-4 times daily. Medicines are for symptomatic relief only. Professional examination is required.
HI, Dear Carson-Very Good Morning from India. Thanks for your query. I understand your concerns. I studied your query in depth.-I would advise you to just forget the obsession for this lump as it is simply a -mildly-infected Bartholdi glands which grew in to Bartholdi cysts due to the clogged up ducts.-May be your pool visits have initiated it due to the ?infected pool water.-So if you keep vaginal hygiene by proper detail washes of your private parts after the pool visits, that would regress.-Still you need to consult ER doctor who would treat it accordingly.-It's not serious, and you need not worry about it.-You just have to consult your ER doctor-who would treat it with-Tb NSAIDs, Antibiotics for 5 days if need be. Advise not to handle it repeatedly.-IF its chronic cyst-ER Surgeon would Excise and send for biopsy and treat it accordingly.-So forget obsession of lump in the head.-Hope this reliefs your worry-some query. Welcome for any more queries in time to come. Have a Good Day.
Hi, Thanks for writing in. The problem can be vitiligo, Idiopathic mutate hypomelanosis etc. Hypopigmentation would need long period of treatment with photosensitizing Chat Doctor. Without actual visualization of the skin it is not possible to comment on nature of pigmentation.  Visit a dermatologist for proper examination and diagnosis who can also provide you some clinic based procedure like surgery and laser.  Hope this helps. Regards
Hello! Welcome and thank you for asking on Chat Doctor! I would like to have more information on his actual therapy. What about his symptoms? How does he behave? I would recommend consulting with another psychiatrist for another professional opinion. Consulting with the patient is very important to determine the real clinical situation.  Chat Doctor.  Hope you will find this answer helpful! Kind regards,
HelloThanks for query. Prostatomegally is a condition where prostate gland increases in size after the age of 60 years. This is aging process as one gets cataract in eyes at old age. It is a benign condition and not a cancer of prostate. It can be kept under control with medication however one may need to get it resected(Surgery) if the obstructive urinary symptoms develop and interfere with quality of life. You can consume small quantity of wine. Chat Doctor.
Hi, It will not cause any problem once it is healed. Since the stress fracture has involved the weight-bearing bones of your foot (heel) it takes from 6 to 8 weeks for such a fracture to heal. Returning to basketball season too soon can put you at risk for larger, harder-to-heal stress fractures and an even longer downtime. Re-injury could lead to chronic problems and the stress fracture might never heal properly. Once your pain has subsided, your doctor may confirm that the stress fracture has healed by taking X-rays or a CT scan then only you will be allowed to join your activity slowly. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hello. There are various diagnosis to consider: UTI, but you don't refer burning when urinating. Another possible diagnosis is Overactive Bladder, but your urination would be scarce and even losing urine before reaching the toilet. Another diagnosis to consider is decreased levels of ADH, a hormone that prevents excessive urination. Go to your doctor to be explored and establish right diagnosis and treatment. I wish you good health
Hi, How are you? My name is Chat Doctor.  I am a surgical Gastroenterologist and I hope to answer your question today. Removal of the gall bladder is usually done by laparoscopic technique, which involves making 3 tiny incisions and removing the gall bladder. The main advantage of this is that there is very little pain, and patients are up and about the next day itself. Although I would avoid heavy lifting and multiple trips up and down, I do not see any reason why you will not be able to walk the stairs after the surgery. Hope this helps and hope you start to feel better. Please do not hesitate to write back for clarificationsHave a great day.
Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Read your query. Wisdom tooth do cause severe pain if they are not erupting completely or when they are impacted, gets decayed and causes infection leading to severe pain radiating to the neck and head region. If the doctor has advised you to for the extraction, please go ahead with after having a radiograph done to know the position of the tooth. For the pain you can have ibuprofen(if you are not allergic to any medicine). Antibiotics like amoxicillin will be required after prescription from the dentist. Do Salt water gargling and follow the post extraction instruction properly. Relax as it will not affect your eyesight. Avoid applying hot bag externally. Hope this was helpful. Thanks and regards.
Hello! Thank you for the query. Left lower abdominal pain can be caused by diverticulitis, left ovarian cyst, urinary tract infection, pregnancy, inguinal hernia. If you do suffer also from constipation, diverticulitis is probable. If your pain aggravates during the period, ovarian problem can be the cause. If you do suffer also from frequent urinating, burning when urinating it can be UTI. If your pain aggravates when coughing and there is some lump in the groin, hernia is possible. Your nausea can be caused by one of mentioned disease or can be caused by peptic ulcer, acid reflux, bile ducts stones. It is advisable for you to have abdominal ultrasound, full blood work with liver tests(AST, ALT,GTP), pancreas amylase, urinalysis and pregnancy test. Upper GI endoscopy might be necessary as well. Hope this will help. Regards.
Hello, I can understand your concern. As the doctor has checked her, and she is not having any symptoms like vomiting, confusion, dizziness etc., what you are describing seems like a concussion wound on her head. There is no brain injury, otherwise the child will not be comfortable. Just apply ice over the bump, and it will reduce and disappear on its own in a few days. However, if she develops symptoms like nausea, vomiting, dizziness, confusion, balance problems etc., then a visit to a doctor is required. I hope this information helps you. Thank you for choosing Chat Doctor. I wish your daughter feels better soon. Best,
Hi and welcome to ChatDoctorBefore advising any further treatment, I would like to know if you have always been in Mumbai or recently shifted your location. Did you fall sick before you started having hairball? Any history of other medication or family history of similar hairless? Do you have any other symptoms, menstrual problems? If your hair fall has not improved I would advise you to first check your blood levels for hemoglobin, iron levels and TSH. These can affect your hair growth and need to be corrected first.In the meantime you can continue biotin tablets daily. Use Anaphase shampoo or Renoir shampoo regularly. Apply the serum at night. Once you check the blood tests further treatment options can be looked at. Eat a nutritious diet, get rest and avoid stress and pollution for your hair and skin to be healthy.
Hello, Make sure you have taken the prescription medication as prescribed.  Chat Doctor.  Avoid taking an antacid with a two-hour period of taking this medication. Report your difficulty to your dentist. A different antibiotic may be prescribed. I usually prescribe amoxicillin 500 mg for infected teeth. Continue to rinse the area and prevent debris from getting into the extraction area. If you have delayed healing, your dentist may need to clean out the socket place a medicated paste into the extraction socket. Try switching to Tylenol for pain relief. This may be kinder to your stomach than the ibuprofen. Avoid irritants such as acidic and spicy foods. Follow good nutrition and balanced vitamins especially vitamin B to assist healing. Thank you for your inquiry. I am available to answer additional questions and glad to assist you.
Hello, As you had surgical excision of the tumor in the spinal cord, we need to know which location was the presence of the tumor.  Also, the pain in legs and arms is possible due to the inflammation occurring at the spinal cord level and doing icing will help reduce the pain.  This is a physiological reaction of the body and occurs post-surgery. Wait and see the symptoms for now. Only if the Symptoms are aggravating than the need to visit the surgeon who operated for clinical examination. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Jay In Chat Doctor.
Hi, Thank you for choosing Chat Doctor. As you had unprotected sex, you should take emergency contraceptive pill like Plan B, rather than taking Tri-sprintec. Yes it is too early for a pregnancy test. I hope this information has been both informative and helpful for you. In case of any doubt, I will be available for follow-ups. If you like my answers kindly rate it, and write a review as well. Please do not forget to accept it. Thank you, Wish you good health. Chat Doctor. Chat Doctor .com/doctors/
Hello and thank you for using Chat Doctor. I carefully read your question and I understand your concern. But don't worry.I'll try to explain you something and give you some advises. You might experience fast, and strong heart beats for different reasons. It may be a simple sinus tachycardia. This mean that your heart beats over 100 beats for minute. Its normal range in resting situation is between 60-100 beat for minute. This might happen from different reasons from simple emotional stores to different pathologies like anemia, hyperthyroidism etc. You may feel strong heart beats because of extrasistoles.These is electrical impulses that generates from different parts of the heart different from that of a normal sinus rhythm. This houses an ectopic, escaped beat and you feel like a beat is skipping, and the other one is stronger causing difficulties in breathing fully and sometimes a cough. The extrasistolic beats might happen for the same reasons as sinus tachycardia. Sometimes in young ages or in stressed periods these are quite normal, and they come ang go. But if your heart beats very fast suddenly and in a chaotic, irregular way it might be what we call an atrial fibrillation. This is an arrhythmia when the heart doesn't beat in a normal sinus rhythm. You might experience paroxysmal episodes when your heart jumps from normal rhythm to fibrillation and vise- versa. So, if I was your treating doctor I will recommend you to make some simple examinations like a blood analysis to exclude anemia or hypothyroidism, an electrocardiogram,echocardiography and of course a holder monitoring for 24-48 hours. This will tell as your rhythm tendency. You have nothing to worry, but I will recommend this check up if these symptoms begin to interfere with your normal healthy live. At mean time avoid coffee and caffeine products because they rise your heart frequency or extra systoles. Hope I was helpful. Wish you good health. Best regards.
Dear sir, it could mean many things, but I think that there shouldn't be any relation between your gallbladder removal and this symptom. It sounds for me more like typical colon disorder; IBD, Crohn or ulcers colitis, infective colitis etc. The best way to rule it out is to do colonoscopy. After that you can plan further tests. Blood in stool can also be serious sign of some benign(polyps, haemorrhoids, fissuea) as well as malignant diseases so don't be very concerned but do colonoscopy definitely. Wish you good health,
Hi, Thanks for your query. From description, this hard lump most probably formed due to hematoma formation (collection of blood) which might get fibrosis or calcified. It will take few weeks to months to get disappear. I suggest you to consult an orthopaedician nearby for a detailed examination of swelling. You may get the X-ray of the area affected under his/her guidance.Meanwhile, give hot fomentation over it, You can take Tablet Motrin 1 tablet with food as and when required (up to 4 tablets daily). I do hope that you have found something helpful, and I will be glad to answer any further query. Take care
HelloWelcome to ChatDoctorThanks for posting your query in Chat Doctor. Bump on the back of the ear may be an enlarged lymph node as you have said. But if it is not movable, and if it is tender to touch, it may be 1. Folliculitis - that is inflammation of the hair follicle 2.infected and enlarged sebaceous glands, i would advise you to give hot fomentation on the swelling and take painkillers like ibuprofen for pain if you have. Hope you are happy with the answer. Thank you
Hi, thanks for the query to H. C.M. Forum. Why you get in blood examination ? Why you get in a U/S? What are the complaints for which you are asking about surgery?Anyhow the meaning emporium and colorful as far as concerned about U/S is nothing. If there are stones in gall bladder than surgery is the only option. If enlargement of liver is there than you have to take treatment accordingly. Have a nice day. Good luck
1. you haven't told about your Thyroid report, blood sugar and hemoglobin level?2. In last 4 years how many times you have tried to get pregnant?3. PCs is a lifestyle disorder, please mention your weight?4. What about Follicular study and Hormonal Profile?5. According to Ayurveda, Pathology is in the Pelvic (JAPAN Vāyu) area, leading to Obstruction to the flow of Menses, thus treatment principle followed by Ayurvedic Physician will be to clear the obstruction in the pelvis, thereby regulating the flow of Menses (Armada That).6. Trifle, Trikatu, Arjuna,Shatavari, are useful herbs in hormonal balancing and clearing the Obstruction, talk with the possibilities with an Ayurveda Doctor near you.7. Because Ayurveda Herb act on the Pathology and not on the symptoms, it will take long time before you will eventually see the results inside you, you have to remain cool, calm and stress-free.
Dear User, Thanks for posting a query at Chat Doctor. Citalopram does not have any effect on memory loss. In your case there may be following reasons for your short term memory loss.1. Age associated- but this is very mild form and does not impair your functioning.2. Condition for which you are taking citalopram-depression in old age generally present with memory problem also.3. There may be initial stage of development of dementia. With detailed history and neuroimaging only we can determine whether this is the case?4. If you are having blood pressure or diabetes or both than it may point toward vascular dementia. If it is possible for you to get complete psychological assessment than do it as soon as possible. If you do not find one contact me. I will try my best to help you. Thanks
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. By your history and description, possibility of either bronchitis or Pulmonary embolism is more. Birth control pills can cause Pulmonary embolism. So in my opinion, you should consult pulmonologist and get done 1. PUT (Pulmonary Function Test) 2. CT Pulmonary Angiography. PFT is needed for the diagnosis of bronchitis. It will also tell you about severity of the disease and treatment of bronchitis is based on severity only. You may need additional inhaled bronchodilators and oral bronchodilators also.  CT Pulmonary Angiography is needed to rule out Pulmonary embolism. So consult pulmonologist and discuss all these. Hope I have solved your query. Wish you good health. Thanks.
Hi, I think you can conceive only these medicines.  These help in increasing fertility.  But you can take some medicines like camphene for the growth of your follicles and track your follicles' growth by repeated ultrasound.  When follicles reach a size more than 17 to 18 mm, take injection for rupturing the follicles.  Be in contact with your husband for 2 to 3 days after injection.  Take progesterone for next 2 weeks.  Do a urine pregnancy test at home after that.  Don't over exert yourself after follicles rupture.  You can try like that for 3 to 6 cycles.  Hope I have answered your question. Regards Chat Doctor.
Hi, Yes, it may cause changes in vision. The most common side effects of melanocyte include itching and skin redness. However sometimes it may also cause premature cataract and macular or retinal toxicity resulting in vision changes. This side effect can be prevented by using ultraviolet filtering glasses during treatment. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hello, Your symptoms are pointing towards possibility of nerve compression in the cervical spine with articular pain in left upper limb.  Neck stiffness can be due to muscle spasm.  Possibility of heart involvement is less likely. I WOULD LIKE to advise X-ray of cervical spine anteroposterior and lateral views to check for cervical lordosis. If it is lost muscle spasm is likely cause.  Treatment is muscle relaxant like relax Mr 8 mg twice a day for 5 days. Avoid using large and hard pillows. Soft cervical collar application also helps in pain relief. Tab regain x 75 mg one at bedtime for reducing pain in left upper limb. If this is not helping MRI for the cervical spine and visit to orthopedic surgeon is recommended.  Hope I have answered your query. Take care
Hello, Thank You for your question at Chat Doctor The symptoms you are describing could be blisters seen in Genital Herpes. It is a sexually transmitted infection caused by virus. Treatment is with Antiviral Medications like Acyclovir. Physical Examination is required for the confirmation of diagnosis. I recommend that you consult Primary care Physician for confirmation of diagnosis and further management.Meanwhile, avoid bursting the blisters as it can lead to scarring. Avoid sexual activity while having blisters / active disease as risk of transmission to partner is maximum. Always us a condom to prevent future transmission. Wash your hands properly after touching the blisters to avoid spread to other parts of body. Hope I was able to answer your questionPlease feel free to ad Chat Doctor.
HI, Dear,Thanks for the query to Chat Doctor. I understood your concerns about the choking cough which is unrelieved with 3 doctors. Dear, your doctors are doing there efforts and that's the limitation of the treatment for asthma currently. I would suggest to -Try simple tips for the reliefa-Reduce the work stress and take 7-8 hrs sleepb-adequate fluid intake band, frequent liquid meals mainly.d-stool check and urine check out the infective cause leading to stress your body.vapor -Steam inhalation 2 -4 times a day. Call back for special tips to my Chat Doctor clinic for the followup of 2-3 myths. Hope you could come out of the ASTHMA-if it is really an asthma diagnosis. Hope this would help you to plan the treatment with Your family doctor. Wishing you early recovery. You are always Welcome for further query to Chat Doctor in this regard. Have a Good Day...!!
Hello, Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor for posting your query. I have gone through your question in detail and I can understand what you are going through. Steroids can cause mood disorder. If you have symptoms after the onset of steroids then the medication has to be changed as the mood will deteriorate further. If the medications cannot be changed then you need to be started on a anti-depressant to alleviate the sufferings. Hope I am able to answer your concerns. If you have any further query, I would be glad to help you. In future if you wish to contact me directly, you can use the below-mentioned link:bit.ly/ Chat Doctor.
Hi! I can understand your concern! In my clinic I would advise the patient:1. Elaborate the history a little.2. Are you planning for a baby.3.what contraception you used.4? Please take any painkiller for the cramps. These type of pains occur as pre-menstrual pains.4. Please do a pregnancy test. These signs are not very confirmatory. Further treatment will depend on the results. Please consult any local physician with the test. Wish you best health
Hi. Thanks for your query. The movement in the upper stomach can be due to intestinal obstruction.*Get an X-ray of the abdomen in standing position as the simplest of the tests at the time of the feeling you have. The gas shadows can lead to a probable diagnosis, If positive get another test called Enterocolitis- a barium study to get a proper diagnosis. *Get an ultrasonography of the abdomen to see for any mass, lymph node, any evidence of another disease like tuberculosis. You can get a confirmation by CT scan.*Get a consultation with Gastroenterologist. Go for further management as per the diagnosis.
Well...you have a swelling g on you scalp a pie full one. Scalp is a common site for a common benign swellings. It could be lipoma...sebaceous cysts ...Mets from thyroid carcinoma...Osceola...cellulitis...subaerial hematoma.you should do the basic investigation like skull x-rays and some other local test on the swelling. You should consult an experienced General Surgeon to diagnose the condition...
Hi. Thanks for your query. Read and understood your history of taking Mulan, 21 day cycle of period, small amount of bleeding. No bleeding since mid-Feb, but there is stomach pain just before 21-day period is done. Pregnancy test is negative. This is obviously not normal. There may be a hormonal cause. I would advise you the following:Hormonal studies. Consult a Gynecologist for an internal examination. Abdominal and per-vaginal ultrasonography All these tests will help you to get a proper diagnosis and a plan for treatment, and you will be fine.
Hello, I understand your worries. But hopefully, the situation is reversible. Your Total cholesterol and the remaining variables are abnormal which puts you at a risk of developing cardiovascular diseases. Having a normal weight does not mean you are not your lipids and cholesterol are going to be normal. I advise you to eat more of vegetables, nuts, whole grains. Avoid junk fatty foods and smoking. You have to see your G. P probably you will undergo more test and will decide if you need statins. Best regards
Hello, Thanks for the query. You are allergic to sunlight. Please don't expose for tan, There are high chances to get those blisters again. Probably you can go for artificial tanning, where controlled amount of radiation is given me know if you have any other doubt. You can ask a direct question to me on this forum, following the below link.https://urldefense.com/v3/__http://www.ChatDoctor .com/doctors/ Chat Doctor.
Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern.  He has some soft tissue tumor like lipoma or some enlarged lymph node.  He should go for fine needle aspiration cytology or biopsy of that lump. It will give you exact diagnosis. Then he should take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor. There are many types of brain tumors. Some are benign while others are malignant. Some can be surgically removed while some cannot be removed. You have not mentioned on what basis the diagnosis of brain tumor was made and what type of tumor it is. I suggest you consult an oncologist, who is the right person to suggest how it should be managed depending upon the type and spread of the tumor. Wish you all the best.
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor, The intervertebral discs are cartilaginous structures present between vertebrae. The disc acts as lubricant for smooth motion of the vertebral bodies during movement of the spine. At times the disc starts bulging out from its normal position. The bulging disc starts impinging nerve roots which emanate from the spinal cord. The nerve emanate through small foramina in the vertebral bodies. These foramina are intact in your case. In your case, discs are bulging at the level of L4-L5 and L5-S1. Due to the compression, the area supplied by these nerves are affected. This is responsible for the pain and numbness in the foot region. The S1 nerve does not supply the genital region. The treatment for this condition is complete bed rest. If the condition does not improve on bed rest, surgical measures may be required. Thanks and take care Chat Doctor.
Cellophane you for posting on Chat Doctor. From your description, it seems you are having atrophic scars due to chickenpoxScars are pretty challenging to treat and treatment comes with variable results. More importantly the fact is no topical medications are going to help in removing scars. Only retinoid or glycolic acid based creams can help to some extent, but the results are very subtle and unpredictable and works for very mild scars only. Therefore, I would suggest you to go for laser therapy (Fractional Co2 laser, Non-ablative RF etc.) as it has the best results of all other treatment modalities. Moreover, if additionally treated with dermaroller or 100%TCA peel (CROSS technique), pretty appreciable results can be achieved. Hope this will take care of your query. If you wish to contact me in future for any query kindly use the following link:http://doctor.ChatDoctor .com/doctors/ Chat Doctor. Thank you
Hi, welcome to Chat Doctor. High creatinine level indicates kidney dysfunction, not always kidney failure. It may be acute or temporary dysfunction due to some reason, or it may be chronic pr permanent kidney dysfunction. Do basic urine report, Check BP and do CT scan or sonography. First determine the nature of kidney dysfunction and then evaluate for cause of it and then treat it. By this approach, it is possible to revert it to normal. So, don't get worried. Consult your nearby nephrologist, or you can get back to me with above reports. I think this would be helpful to you. Best wishes. TC. Chat Doctor.
Hi, The hair growth pattern in the scalp is unlikely to be due to an aneurysm. This you have an open injury to the scalp that caused scarring and therefore the hair there is different? As far as the tingling is concerned, it may be worthwhile to consult a doctor who can get a detailed history and do a clinical examination to see if there are any concerns. Why do you worry if you have an aneurysm? IS there any family history of aneurysms? IF so, please mention this to your doctor who would consider doing a scan for that.  Hope this helps.
Hi! Welcome to Chat Doctor. I read your query. When after tooth extraction, space is left for longer time, the adjacent and opposite teeth move in that space, changing alignment. You need to get an OPG and Lateral rephotograph done and visit an Orthodontist. After studying your dentition and these x-rays, he will be able to form your treatment plan and tell duration. Also, or tho treatment gives quick result up to 25-28years of age. So may take a month or two longer. Approximate duration may range from 9-15 months. Maintain good oral hygiene and follow all the instructions during treatment, and you will have good healthy and aligned teeth. Hope the answer helps you. Thank you!
If she is chronically constipated, she may be having anal fissures causing pain while passing stool, with holding, resulting in further hardening of stool and a viscous cycle of pain and constipation. She will require a rectal suppository or an enema followed by daily laxative, a lot of fluid orally along with diet rich in fiber. Anal fissures if any may be treated with local application of an anesthetic and an antibiotic crème in the anal canal.
Hello Painless lump behind left ear may be due to many reasons like infection/inflammation in scalp, ear,neck etc. It is generally a benign finding and underlying cause should be treated. Your son need proper clinical examination and ultrasound of lump can be done.FNAC of lymph nodes can also be done to assess exact nature of enlarged lymph nodes. Treatment depend upon findings. Take Care Chat Doctor.
Hello dear, welcome to Chat Doctor.come have evaluated your query thoroughly.* Pseudocodes infection is considered opportunistic infection.  Which means that the organism only causes disease when a person's immune system is already impaired.* In hospital, the causative bacteria can be spread via the hands of healthcare workers or by hospital equipments that are not properly sterilized. Hope this will clear your query. May his soul rest in eternal peace. Regards.
Hi, This is Chat Doctor. This is pretty big hole & needs to be closed. But closing will depend on pulmonary pressures. Please send a detailed report of echo. As the chambers of heart are already dilated(RA & RV), she needs closure of this shunt. This closure(if feasible) can be done through a simple procedure & do not need major surgery. So it's better to go to a cardiologist early for further treatment, otherwise if the shunt changes direction (Rt to Lt) than her symptoms will increase. Also, it will become difficult to close the hole. Regards
Hello and welcome, The excessive salivation may be due to-use of denture. Weak buccal muscles which interferes with proper mouth closure. Systemic conditions. Medications. Abscess formation from caries/periodontal infection. I would suggest you to visit a dentist for further evaluation. Maintain good oral hygiene. Anti-sialogogues can be administered if necessary. Medications if any has to be replaced if causing excessive salivation. Hope this helps.
HiT hanks for writing in. You might experience mild sensitivity post scaling. Its just because of removal of tartar & exposure of tooth surface. You may use desensitizing toothpaste containing strontium chloride or potassium nitrate. Leave it for 3-4 minutes before rinsing. Maintain good oral hygiene. Consult your dentist if problem persists. Hope I answered your queryWishing you good healthRegards
Hi, thanks for using Chat Doctor. I have gone through your available history. You have not mentioned and obsessive compulsive symptoms. All your symptoms are suggestive of Depression. Depression is common co-morbidity of OCD. You should consult Psychiatrist for detailed psychological evaluation. You may get benefit from either of anti-depressant Chat Doctor. Your psychiatrist may advise counselling for your symptoms.Meanwhile, You can try stress management and relaxation techniques like yoga, Meditation. Thanks
Degree understand your concerns went through your details. You did take quizzes. You did go through the details regarding to ADD. Furthermore, you are almost sure that you are showing signs of ADD. But let me tell you an intricate opinion. The more you dwell into ADD information (in the beginning) the more you will find the symptoms of ADD in you. That is called internship syn Chat Doctor.  No problems. You should consult a psychologist who assess you impartially with his own assessment tools, and then he will give you your diagnosis. If you are confirmed ADD you should request his advice. He may ask you to consult a psychiatrist or to take his psychotherapy treatment. Do as he tells you. God bless you. If you require more of my help in this aspect, please use this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.
HelloThanks for query. You have been diagnosed to have Oligoasthanozoospermia meaning there by that your sperm count and sperm motility which is the main cause of your infertility. Truly speaking there are no medicines that can increase sperm count and sperm motility . Consult qualified Infertility specialist to explore possibility of conceiving your wife with the help of newly assisted reproductive techniques like IVF or CSI with sperm concentration technique. Chat Doctor.
Hello really appreciate your concernLooking at your history this could be any of following heart attack severe allergic reaction might be due to an insect antianxiety disorder panic attacks to help you better I would like further informationlike your age any history of heart or lung disease In my opinion you should visit your GP for examination recording of BP AND battery of tests like hemoglobin CBC and test for cardiac markers and an ECG Hope. This ad Chat Doctor.
Hello According to your history of travel, this bump around the anal ring is hemorrhoid, not a boil (because of undue force for stool). Since you develop this, so next DON'T STRAIN at all, usually straining (force) aggravate the condition. For this the best way is taken some phenolphthalein tablet for constipation during journey. For this take some an ovate type cream (or nifedipine +local anesthetic cream). I don't advise any antibiotics to my patient. In my opinion consult a physician and get a conservative treatment for hemorrhoids (2nd opinion). Good luck.
Based on your symptoms, it sounds like you may have had an induced abortion, which can cause these complications. I recommend that we do a thorough examination to confirm and discuss any necessary treatment options.
Thanks for your query. I understand your concern regarding breathing difficulty. Brief answer: No, there is no permanent cure of asthma, but there is good treatment options in modern medicine by which you can have a very good asthma control. Detailed answer:Modern medicine has improved in the asthma management to such extent that one can remain symptoms free if he/she follows physicians advice and take medications properly. I see similar cases in my clinic. After diagnosing asthma by clinical features and objective test, I suggest step care management. If I were the treating physician, I would advise you to :>Avoid triggers(e.g.dust, cold,emotions etc.) so far it is possible.>Steroid inhaler twice daily>Bronchodilator (Albuterol) inhaler as required. For asthma management, medications via inhalation is the best method because it ensures more entry of Chat Doctor. So my suggestion is :Please meet your local doctor/respiratory medicine specialist to confirm the diagnosis and get treated thereby. Hope this helps you. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries, please do not hesitate in writing us. Wish you good health.
Answer e) is correct. During active stretch excitation of gamma efferent neutrons of anterior gray column of spinal cord produces contraction of polar regions of the intro fugal fibers and there by not contractile equatorial regions of nuclear bag and chain fibers are actively stretched. This results in excitation of alpha motor neurons through the monosynaptic loop of stretch reflex consequently the extra fugal fibers of the corresponding muscle are contracted until it shortens to equal with the degree of contraction of muscle spindle. This method of contraction of skeletal muscle maintains its residual length. The alpha and gamma motor neurons are excited simultaneously by the pyramidal tract, the alpha neurons being the fast conductors initiate muscle contraction without limit of shortening and the gamma neurons through the reflex loop maintain muscle contraction with desired length.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your friends situation and problem. Treatment of tuberculosis is long, for at least 6-8 months. So recovery is also delayed. Usually recovery is expected after 2 months of regular treatment. Tuberculosis causes pleurisy (inflammation of pleura). And this causes chest pain and arm pain. She is on treatment since 1 month and so it is very early to see improvement. In my opinion, she should take treatment for 1 more month because usually 2 months are required for clinical and symptomatic improvement in tuberculosis. If after 2 months, she is still having pain than get done chest x-ray and sputum report to rule out Chat Doctor.  But at present, wait for 1 more month. Hope I have solved your query. Wishing her good health. Thanks.
Hi, dear thanks for the query to my Chat Doctor virtual online clinic.It's my pleasure to help you. My diagnosis -This lump-mostly due to the Normal protuberance due to spine of Cervical no.6 vertebra, as it is hard lump for a year, which you found / noticed by accident a yr back. If no problem with it and if it's not growing and is stable, then don't Worry. Your PCs and migraine don't have connection with the spine lump -as it's a NORMAL C-7-spine. Still on safer side I advise you to Consult an ER Surgeon.Don't worry and act fast. This would solve your worrisome query. Hope this would solve your query. Wellcome to my Chat Doctor clinic once again. Have a Good Day.
Hi, Pantocid-HP is a combination of a proton pump inhibitor (lansoprazole) and two antibiotics (azithromycin and amoxicillin) which is commonly prescribed to treat H. pylori infection. Its common side effects include nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, metallic taste, flatulence and allergic reactions. It is quite effective if taken for 14 days. Continue taking it as prescribed. Take care. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi, I had gone through your question and understand your concerns. I think from your description of your problem, the probable diagnosis is lumbar herniated disc disease. I suggest you to consult a Neurologist and to discuss the possibility of imaging study of your lumbar column (MR scan). You need plain radiographs of lumbar column as well, since there been trauma, to evaluate any bone damage. The treatment depends on imaging studies results. Hope this answers your question. If you have additional questions or follow-up questions then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your questions.
HI, I understand your concern.  In anteverted uterus (while uterus is tilted forwards). The mouth of uterus lies in pool of semen (in sex while sleeping on back position). So sperms can enter uterus easily & conception is possible.  Now, in introverted position the mouth of uterus is pointing up . & semen/ sperms have no assess to uterus.  - Actually operation to correct the position is exact treatment for it. But if you want to try without operation you can go for- - Having sex in lying down on abdomen position. Remain in same position after sex for half an hour.  - artificial insemination (using your husbands' semen) Thanks.
Dear Mr. Goal, At best, stem cell therapy is experimental in nature. I would be unable to either recommend it to you or deter you from going ahead. You should visit a stem cell therapy center and meet the doctor first and resolve all the doubts before you go ahead with it. You should note that the same thing applies to ch elation therapy for autism. Beware of money-making rackets! Do your own research before submitting your son to an experiment which is likely very expensive. Remember also that autism tends to reduce as the child grows older. I hope you are going to the counselor and their multipronged behavioral remedial therapy!
Thank you for your question. You have provided the information that you are a 57-year-old lady with high BP and acid reflux. Is your BP under control? Are you on any medications for the same? Are you taking any medications for the acid reflux? From the description of our symptoms, it appears that your problems are mainly due to acid reflux. Are the symptoms associated with food intake? Though your symptoms are suggestive of reflux, it would be prudent to visit your physician and get an ECG(or an EKG) done to rule out a problem in the heart. Reducing your stress levels, having food at proper time, and avoiding spicy foods and tea and coffee and too many chocolates, avoiding lying down just after eating food, having dinner about 2 hours before you go to sleep may all help to reduce your reflux symptoms. Medicines are available to effectively suppress reflux, and you may discuss with your physician regarding the same. If you can answer my questions it would give me a clearer picture about your problem. I hope his helps in guiding you about how to go forward about your symptom.
Hi, Thank you for posting your query. I can understand your anxiety and concern, on account of your symptoms. In order to understand your problems better, I would like to have a copy of your MRI report, which can be uploaded on this website. Treatment of pinched nerves consists of the following:1. Medications such as pregabalin or gabapentin,2. Physiotherapy, including IT, ultrasound, neck and back extension exercises, etc.3. Nerve blocks and epidural injections,4. Surgery. Once I have seen your reports, then, I can advise you about the correct treatment as well as the best doctors. I am sure you would do well. I hope it helps. Please get back if you require any additional information. Best wishes, Chat Doctor. Ly/
Held. Pain in the abdomen or chest while coughing is normal in patients with asthma (if you have any abdominal pathology such as inguinal hernia, pain is greater).You're suffering asthmatic crises. Inhaled corticosteroids, inhaled bronchodilators or even oral corticosteroids are widely used in treatment of asthmatic crises. Please go to your doctor for examination and prescription. I wish you good health.(If the answer has helped you, please indicate this)
Hi, you have been diagnosed as Lumbar Canal Stenosis, which is a common lumbar degenerative disorder. If you have developed weakness in your calf, it means it has progressed to severe degree. You will most likely benefit from surgical decompression. Halting progression of this needs' lifestyle modification like avoid lifting heavy weights, bending forward. Take advice from physiotherapist for correct posture and exercises. Thank you.
Hi, From your details I learn that your mother had massive hemorrhagic stroke in right cerebral hemisphere of brain which has lead to low GCS (Glasgow coma scale) for which she might be ventilated and then tracheotomy done. Since it is almost 4 months following stroke, she should show some recovery signs in form of obeying commands. She requires active physiotherapy, and stimulation (auditory and visual)Review with treating doctor for electrolyte imbalance and EEG to rule out non-convulsive status(type of fits where there won't be involuntary movement)Hope this should help regards
Hi, Regarding your concern, I would explain that his actual heart rate values are a little high, but not concerning. They could be related to anxiety or physical stress. Anyway, considering his past medical history and the fact that he has been sleeping a lot lately, I would recommend going to the ER for a physical exam and a brain CT scan.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi, Head injury with loss of consciousness, vertigo,vomiting, bleeding from the ears, nose require immediate medical attention. From the symptoms that you have mentioned, if I were your treating doctor, i would have advised you a plain CT scan of the brain immediately. Meanwhile, i would have prescribed you some analgesics and antibiotics for symptomatic relief. An anti-inflammatory like serratiopeptidase would also be helpful. I would also advise you to consult your GP for a clinical examination, get the medicines prescribed and review your CT scan reports. Hope your query is solved, Take care
His there history of trauma to your ankles or feet? Are you always on your feet at work or at home?there are multiple conditions that can bring about your symptoms. If you have no history of trauma to your lower legs I would suggest you start with seeing a general practitioner(GP), he can definitely order plain radiographs and might be able to help you. He will decide whether you need to see a specialist orthopedic surgeon or not. I hope this helps you
Degree understand your concerns went through your details. You could be correct. Passive-aggressive behavior, paranoid ideation and irrational behavior could be associated with paranoia, paranoid personality disorder or even paranoid type of schizophrenia. The key is how often the patient is having such problems and paranoid symptoms are irrational. I suggest you to motivate your friend to consult a psychologist / psychiatrist for detailed evaluation and further treatment. Such problems should not be delayed for treatment. They may not agree that they have disorder. That is where motivation and tactical approach works. If you require more of my help in this aspect, please use this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck. Take care.
Hi Dear, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Understanding your concern. As per your query you have lumps on nose which is a skin growth made up of blood vessels. This type of skin growth is typically not a cause for concern unless it often bleeds or changes in size, shape, or color. This is basically Angola. I would suggest you to consult dermatologist for proper examination and to rule out condition like cyst. You can start treatment after proper examination. There are few treatment options which doctor can opt for its treatment like electrocauterization, surgery, excision and laser therapy. Hope your concern has been resolved. Get Well Soon. Best Wishes,
Hi, thank you for using Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Daily headache like stretching sensation, with easily stressed out and feeling irritated are more probably look like of anxiety disorder symptoms. With this you are also feeling echo and low sleep. In my advice you need to consult a psychiatrist. You symptoms of feeling echo and headache need to be evaluated more in its characteristics. Psychiatric disorder need to be diagnosed with history and mental status examination for which consultation is needed. For Anxiety disorder Benzodiazepines/SSRI medicines are used for treatment, while for echo and headache further evaluation will lead to proper treatment. Hope this will help you. Regards.
HelloGreetings from Chat Doctor .com.If am Chat Doctor. I have gone through your case scenario in detail and I do believe that your symptoms need further evaluation. As you mentioned lupus and poly cystic kidney disease runs in your family I suggest you to get an ultrasonographic evaluation done to see your kidneys. Anemia along with other causes can give to swelling in face and body, so please do get your hemoglobin level checked at the earliest. Foul smelling urine could be attributed to urinary tract infection and can be controlled with proper antibiotic coverage. Please visit your doctor for further information. Hope I have been able to help. Take Care.
Hello! Thank you for the query. Smoking makes you prone to many lungs diseases including severe inflammation, COPD (Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease) and lung cancer. Throat cancer is also possible. All this diseases give cough so without additional tests you are unable to rule them out. That is why I suggest you to visit pulmonologist, have chest X-ray (or better chest CT) and spirometry (blow test). Palynologist can diagnose throat cancer. Hope this will help. Regards.
Hello, Vibratory feeling in the chest is commonly seen with arrhythmia (rhythm disturbances in the heart). You have also developed lightheadedness. So we should also rule out hypertension. So better to consult a cardiologist, and get done blood pressure monitoring, ECG, 2d echo and Holder monitoring (24 hours continuous recording of ECG). If all these are normal, then no need to worry about heart diseases. Sometimes undiagnosed stress and anxiety can also cause similar symptoms. So avoid stress and tension, be relaxed and calm. You may need anxiolytic Chat Doctor.  Don't worry you will be alright with all these. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hello dear, thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your husbands situation and problem. Asbestos induced end stage lung disease can lead to1. Chronic lung infection like tuberculosis and fungal infection)2. Chronic bronchitis. 3. Lung cancer. And in all these patients, loss of weight, weakness and excessive mucus production are seen. So we need to rule out above-mentioned conditions. So get done1. Clinical examination of respiratory system. 2. Chest x-ray. 3. PUT (pulmonary function test). So consult pulmonologist and first diagnose himself and then start appropriate treatment.
hello, The lump associated with the fractured filling may be due to re-infection/periapical infection of the broken filling. Pleease do visit a dentist and get clinical and x-ray examination. If there is abscess, get it Chat Doctor. Infected pulp has to be removed completely. Take complete course of antibiotics and analgesics. Frequent warm saline and sodium hypochlorite rinse may help. Avoid biting on hard foods with the restored tooth. Take care.
Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Read your query. Erupting wisdom tooth do cause a lot of pain and get sometimes infected during eruption. I would advise you to get a radiograph done and see the position of the erupting tooth and if impacted you can get it removed by the oral and maxillofacial surgeon. If according to the radiograph there are chances of its normal eruption, it is advised to wait for a while. For the pain you can continue the medicine as prescribed and avoiding injudicious use of antibiotics. Do saline gargling and keep the area clean from the food debris. Hope this was of good help for you. Thanks and regards.
Hello there, thanks for choosing Chat Doctor. You need to choose a rehabilitation team including experienced Physiotherapist, occupational therapist and orthotist professionals who can plan/ design a training program to enhance your functional capabilities and how to cope up with your existing pain or to reduce the symptoms mechanically. They can change your techniques to perform the same activity symptom free with similar efficiency...... Good luck for a healthy lifestyle ahead......
Hello dairy condition seems to be related to bruise i.e. grinding your teeth in sleep. This condition hurts your jaw joint in front of your ear and if you get more severe can compress your adjacent nerves, and you might feel tingling or needle prick sensation in mouth. This condition is basically related to stress and excess workout in gym. So just be relaxed, start meditation for at least 10 minutes daily, have lukewarm milk before sleep, and start taking OTC available muscle relaxants or painkillers twice daily. If possible do warm compressions from outside on area in front of your ear. Wait for one week if you feel relaxed then continue this for 1 month otherwise see your dentist.
Hi, Thanks for posting your query. The information you have given is inadequate. With just SGPT report alone, it is difficult to give an opinion. I presume the rest of the liver function test was normal. This SGPT report shows only mild increase and it most often is due to fatty liver. An ultrasound scan of the abdomen may be done to rule out fatty liver. You can get tests done for other causes as well which include tests for hepatitis B and C viral infections. I hope that answers your question. Regards.
Hello! Welcome on Chat Doctor! Regarding your concern, I would explain that your symptoms could be related to a sinus infection. It is less likely that your symptoms are related to switching to omeprazole, as it is a similar Chat Doctor.  Coming to this point, I would recommend performing sinus X-ray study coupled with a sinus discharge study. If these tests result normal, I would recommend trying to switch again to pantoprazole for some days. If this helps improve your situation, it would indicate possible low tolerance to omeprazole. You should discuss with your doctor on the above issues. Hope you will find this answer helpful! Wishing good health,
Hello dear, thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your situation and problem. In my opinion you are having HERD (gastroesophageal reflux disease) mostly. It is due to laxity of gastroesophageal sphincter. Because of this the acid of the stomach tends to come up in the esophagus and cause the symptoms of chest pain. So try to follow these steps for better symptomatic relief. 1. Avoid hot and spicy food. 2. Avoid stress and tension. 3. Avoid large meals, instead take frequent small meals. 4. Start Proton pump inhibitors. 5. Go for walk after meals. 6. Keep 2 - 3 pillows under head in bed to prevent reflux. 7. Avoid alcohol and smoking if you have these habits. 8. Lose weight if you are having obesity. Don't worry, you will be alright.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. You're all symptoms are classical of angina or heart failure. Jaw pain, sweating, palpitations etc. are symptoms of heart attack (angina). Since you recently had bypass surgery, possibility of blockage in new coronary arteries is more. So better to consult cardiologist and get done 1. Blood pressure monitoring 2. ECG 3. 2d echo 4. Stress test (trade mill test) 5. Coronary angiography (if required). So don't wait at home, your symptoms are suggestive of heart attack and this needs immediate action. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.
Hi. Welcome to Chat Doctor . I have gone through your query and can understand your concerns. As per your complaint if you have oral thrush, and you are not getting relieved by Nil state that is an antifungal agent Statin then you need to consult an Oral Physician and get evaluated as there can be some common underlying causes that are causative for Thrush like Chat Doctor. . The physician can do a thorough evaluation and once thrush is diagnosed treatment of underlying cause can help. For resolving the active infection antifungal medications like oral Fluconazole or Itraconazole can help. Continue using Statin mouthwash. Clotrimazole lozenges can help. Taking probiotics like Yogurt and garlic can help. Hope this information helps. Thanks and regards.
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor. As a Urologist and transplant surgeon, i understand your curiosity.It's a biomechanical artificial kidney, the size of a coffee cup.It's in second stage of clinical trials,in the USA, conducted in pigs and rats. Some human trials on volunteers, is also being evolved. Hope it's successful. Itll take about 5 years, to complete the trials.They're short of funds by 8 m $. As its synthetic, anti-rejection Chat Doctor. It's a big relief in costs. If you've any doubts on transplants, send it as a direct question to me.
Hi, Fibroid is the most common benign masses in uterus. Just the presence of fibroid do not warrant removal. Submucosal fibroid will need removal, as it can interfere with baby attaching to uterus. Can be removed hygroscopically. You already have risk factors - Age >40 yrs, Overweight & Multiple fibroid. Long gap since last pregnancy Best would be removal of fibroid, if not pregnant within 3-4 myths, plan for Fall the best
Hi,First, you cannot get pregnant with an intercourse just before the onset of period as ovulation occurs 14 days before the onset of a period and this is the fertile period which can cause conception. Moreover, emergency pill contains excess hormone and this causes disruption of the normal hormonal milieu of the body. This results in breakthrough bleed, menstrual disturbances and delayed periods. If you do not see a period even 10-14 days after your period is due, you should see a specialist for further help. Hope this helps.
Hello, A red sore on the underside of the tongue with a white sore on the lingual papillae that is painful along with sore tongue is indicating towards Authors Dermatitis. At times eating something very spicy, hot and acidic can cause such symptoms. Other causes can be a deficiency of iron and vitamin B12, stress, physical trauma to the tongue, allergies, acid reflux etcetera. I would suggest you consult an oral physician and get evaluated and a thorough clinical evaluation and investigations like blood tests can help in diagnosis. Treatment of underlying cause will relieve the symptoms. As of now, you can start gargling with a numbing mouthwash containing Lidocaine to relieve the symptoms. You can also take a multivitamin tablet daily. You can take an anti-inflammatory painkiller like Ibuprofen. Suck ice and do cool water rinses. Avoid spicy food. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
HelloThanks for query. Based on the finding of semen analysis all the sperms being dead you need to get investigated in detail to find out the cause for dead sperms. This could be mostly due to presence of anti sperm antibodies which kill the sperms secondary to presence of infection either in seminal vesicle or prostate . Please consult qualified Urologist for clinical examination and get following basic tests done to confirm the diagnosis.1) Urine routine and culture.2) Semen culture 3) Ultrasound scanning of abdomen and pelvis4) Detection of anti sperm antibodies Further treatment will depend upon result of these tests and final diagnosis. This can be cured with taking appropriate antibiotic as paper culture report. Chat Doctor.
Hi, It is Chat Doctor. You need immediate medical attention. Fast heart beat followed by loss of vision can be Atrial Fibrillation (fast & irregular heart beat) which causes clot formation in heart. This clot can travel to any part of body including arteries of eyes & brain causing stroke or loss of vision. So go immediately to a hospital with both cardiology & ophthalmology setup for further evaluation & treatment. Hope you find this helpful. Wishing you good health. Regards
Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor, thank you for your query. These are moderately elevated Lots, but it requires further evaluation to verify the exact cause of it. Most commonly this is just fatty liver or gallbladder issue, but also it may indicate viral hepatitis, autoimmune hepatitis or some other less common disorder. You should change dietary habits and do liver ultrasound or CT scan to see is there sign of liver fibrosis. Wish you good health. Regards.
It sounds like you may have hidradenitis suppurativa, a chronic skin condition that causes painful lumps or sores in the areas where skin rubs against skin.
Hi and thanks for the query, I would reassure you it does not mean in any way the malformation is back. Generally, the malformations is generally accompanied by these features described in the MRI. Patients with corrected Chiara, even with these features do live normal lives, with these features causing no major clinical signs nor symptoms. Depending on the intensity of symptoms, a second surgical intervention could be programmed. This has nothing however to do with recurrence of the Chiara syn Chat Doctor.  Your neurosurgeons physical examination and the symptoms you present with will guide the treatment approach. Kind regards. Bain LE, MD
Hello, Thanks for trusting us with your health concern. In the current scenario, you may have to be treated for the disease since you seem to have dysentery. Else, it may lead to a threatened preterm labor. Let your health care provider decide after a clinical assessment. Though the infection as such is not very dangerous to the fetus, as mentioned earlier associated symptoms may lead to interventions. It is not necessary that you be delivered through the abdominal route; the decision is taken by your attending obstetrician. Take adequate rest and maintain proper HY Chat Doctor.  Wish you safe motherhood.
Hi.it is best if you consult with a doctor, preferably a general surgeon, for medical and physical examination. Based from your description, it could be a cyst (a sebaceous or a gelatinous type), a lipoma or a fibrous. These lesions can occur anywhere in the body and have the tendency to recur.  Management (medical and surgical) will be directed accordingly. Hope this helps. Good day!!~ Chat Doctor.
Hi Reyna. All cells in the body have many receptors present on the surface and inside the cell. These are necessary for their normal functioning. Cancer cells utilize some of these receptors to enhance their growth and stay immortal. So we as oncologists have started to use these receptors for treating cancer by blocking these receptors. That is done by using monoclonal antibodies and is called targeted therapy. It was started in the 90s with a Chat Doctor.  Now there is a plethora of such
Thanks for your query. I have gone through your query. The gap between the teeth can be treated with retainers. Get a new set of retainers and get it activated. You have to wear this for 2-3months. Once the gap is closed, then you can get a permanent retainer done on the inner aspect of the teeth, so that there won't be any relapse further. It is better to get a permanent retainer done and this is the permanent solution. These retainers are fixed along the inner surface of your teeth so that it will not be visible outside, and it is just a small wire that is placed over the teeth unlike the removable retainer, where it comes as a plate. I hope my answer will help you. Take care.
Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. If you really want to get out of this, then stop thinking about these. You are disappointed in life. Disappointment in life is normal, and every other people are disappointed. To come out of that situation is not so tough. Time brings you out. Even if you worry too much, you should come out of such situation sooner or later. If you think positively, you shall come out fast. Just because of this frustrating thoughts you are unable to control your anger. Concentrate on your education, career and enjoy life. If you require more of my help in this aspect, Please post a direct question to me in this website. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe the needed psychotherapy techniques which should help you cure your condition further. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.
Hi, welcome to our site. I am Chat Doctor, MD. Read your query. That is a very significant question and I appreciate your problem. I will try my best to answer your everyone of the best methods to relieve backache is physiotherapy and hot fomentation. These techniques help relax the muscles and also relieves the undue tension on the muscles. Besides, physiotherapy also helps in building the muscles. The stronger the muscles are the better they are able to support the body weight and the strain of the activities that you have to performs I would suggest that you look at it seriously.(I am unaware from the query as to the exact cause of pain, so discuss it with your treating doctor- physiotherapy is not advisable in some circumstances)I hope this helps you. Inform the reports mentioned above/if any other, so I can be of help further. I have given you the answer to the maximum considering the information provided. The results of the tests could further enhance my answer to you. Please do understand that some details could be extracted from a detailed history and examination. Please feel free to ask another query. I would be glad to help you. Looking forward to your return query with the details asked so that I can help you further. (If the answer has helped you, please indicate this)Best of luck.
Based on your symptoms, you might have emphysema, which is a lung disease that causes shortness of breath, coughing, and chest discomfort. It can also lead to aching muscles and muscle spasms in other parts of your body.
Hi ! Good morning. I am Chat Doctor answering your query. If you were told that you had a hernia, and you are getting pain now, then you must see your doctor for a review to avoid any complication of a hernia. It won't be possible for me to opine on the charging, as this depends on the rules and routine in the area where you leave. I hope this information would help you in discussing with your family physician/treating doctor in further management of your problem. Please do not hesitate to ask in case of any further doubts. Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor to clear doubts on your health problems. Wishing you an early recovery. Chat Doctor.
Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Read your query. Yes, it can be a painful issue. The plate they put should ideally be not removed as it may not fit in again due to the changes which will occur in your oral cavity after the teeth extraction. I would advise to continue the pain medication (ibuprofen if you are not allergic). If the pain is not reducing you can report back to your dentist as he may add something to your prescribed medication. Do saline gargling. Thanks and regards.
Hi Their have read the details provided by you and I do understand your concern. From the symptoms it doesn't look like a cardiac issue. I would like to recommend a PROTON PUMP INHIBITOR (for e.g. pantoprazole) to be taken 20 mins before breakfast for a week. If even after that you didn't got relieved I would suggest you to consult an MD physician. Also do not stop METFORMIN without your doctor advice as your blood sugar levels can go high which can again trouble you. Good Luck
Hi ! With the history of pain abdomen following dinner points more towards a food poisoning than anything else. You may get vomiting and loose motions shortly. In that case a course of specific antibiotics might relieve you of your symptoms. However, one must know that an i-pill is not a 100% guarantee against a pregnancy. To know this exactly, you have also to get a serum Chat Doctor test followed by an ultrasound of abdomen if need be and advised by your treating doctor. Thanks and take care.
These symptoms can be a sign of a serious medical condition called rhabdomyolysis.
Hi, Your symptoms do not seem to be related to the foot infection. That is why I would recommend performing further tests to investigate for the possible underlying causes: - a chest X-ray study- respiratory function tests - a fibrogastroscopy for possible esophageal spasmsMeanwhile, I would recommend trying Alprazolam 0.25 mg during these episodes. If your symptoms are relieved by alprazolam, it would be indicative of anxiety. I would also recommend trying Area 0.4 mg. The relief of your symptoms by this Chat Doctor.  Hope to have been helpful. Let me know if I can assist you further. Kind regards,
HI, thanks for using Chat Doctor It is likely that the symptoms are related to an allergic response to some component of the meal used. The diarrhea would have caused increased heart rate because of the fluid loss. He needs to replace the fluids and electrolytes that he lost due to the diarrhea. This can be done with oral rely Chat Doctor. An oral antihistamine may help with the rash and paracetamol with his fever and chills. If his symptoms do not resolve or worsen, it would be best to see his doctor for assessment. I hope this helps
Based on your symptoms, it's possible that you have cerebral palsy, a neurological disorder that affects muscle movement and coordination. It can cause difficulty with feeding and swallowing, as well as muscle spasms and stiffness, which could be what's causing your back cramps. The swollen tongue could be due to poor muscle control and coordination in the mouth. We should run more tests to determine if this is the case.
Hi, I am Chat Doctor.  I have read your question with care and understand your concerns about the brain swelling. Let me try to help you I understand that your wife continues to have a lot of swelling after the last surgery which was done in 15 April 2014After a stroke, the brain swells and this increases the pressure inside the skull. This increased pressure decreases the blood circulation. So we have to reduce the pressure immediately. For this the surgeon take a part of the skull so that the brain is able to swell freely. Once the swelling of the brain reduces, the part of the skull can be replaced. Or instead of the part of skull, a titanium mesh can be kept Now How long it takes for the swollen brain to Come back to normal size ? It varies from individual to individual For Some, it returns within 2 months. For some, it may take more than 2 years. Now comes the next question Can you give some medicines to decrease the swelling ? Yes, We can Give Medicines Then, why are doctors not giving them, but waiting for 2 years. Because, reducing the swelling by medicine is not going to help us to put the skull back. Only if it reduces naturally, the healing will be good after the second surgery Hope you found the answer helpful. If you need any clarification / have doubts / have additional questions / have follow-up questions, then please do not hesitate in asking again. I will be happy to answer your questions. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care.
Hi, Thanks for your query. I read your query and understand your concerns. Following is my reply: 1) Get another test called AMH which can tell about ovarian reserve and can be correlated with FSH. 2) Genera is a birth control pill given to regularize your periods. You don't take it anymore than your case is different. 3) You egg seem to be decreasing. GO immediately for IVF if AMH levels are abnormal. I hope I answered your query. I will be available for any follow-up queries you have.  Chat Doctor.
Thank you for posting your query at Chat Doctor. Hepatitis presentation. what's your height?weight?are you obese?further evaluation advised if not done yet. Have you been vaccinated for Herb?increase in the level of liver enzymes(AST, ALT, get) reflect an INJURY to the Liver. Medically, the condition is known as "Hepatitis". It maybe caused by:1. Virus (A, B, C, D, E) 2. Alcohol 3. " Chat Doctor.  Gall bladder or common bile duct pathology 5." Fat excess" further evaluation needed1. Viral serology (HEPA, B and C) anti HAD, Bag, antiphon, anti HCV2. Lipid profile3. Ultrasound abdomen advice:-abstinence from "Alcohol" - LOW fat diet should be followed-NO red meat-vegetables should be ingested daily-Moreover, less activity should be carried out (no sports). Rest MORE.- use lemon juice (lemonade) once in a day-"recheck liver enzymes after 6 to 8 weeks".if viral causes and lipid profile are normal and your non-alcoholic, then progesterone or sanitizing maybe causing liver injury. Visit treating physician and discuss for change in
Hello dear, thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. In my opinion you should consult pulmonologist and get done PFT (pulmonary function test) to rule out bronchitis. Age more than 50 is an individual risk factor for bronchitis. You are also having wheezing with shortness of breath, these also favors possibility of bronchitis more. Bilateral septal thickening is also seen in bronchitis due to inflammation. So consult pulmonologist and get done PFT. PFT will not only diagnose bronchitis, but also tell you about severity of the disease. And for treatment severity is important. You may require inhaled bronchodilators. No need to worry much for septal thickening in both lungs.
Hi.noted history of gallbladder condition. Is it secondary to an obstruction like a gallstone or polyp? These are the common pathologies that could cause your epigastric and right upper qua Chat Doctor.  It is best if you consult with a doctor, preferably a gastroenterologist or a general surgeon, for physical examination and clinical evaluation. Diagnostics (such as ultrasound, liver function tests, bilirubin, etc.) and management (medical and/or surgical if indications are found) will be directed accordingly. If it is indeed of gallstone in origin, definitive treatment is cholecystectomy or surgical removal of the gallbladder, which could be done laparoscopically (gold standard) or through open technique. Low fat diet is also recommended. Hope this helps. Good day!!~
Hello, Thanks for the query, You might have developed a muscular eczema. Your description matches with this. Apply a steroid lotion like fluticasone, Also take an antihistamine tablet. Try saline compress. This will give you some relief. Please meet a dermatologist for exact diagnosis. Let me know if you have any other doubt. You can ask a direct question to me on this forum, following the below link.https://urldefense.com/v3/__http://www.ChatDoctor .com/doctors/ Chat Doctor. Thank you
Hi... Thank you for consulting in Chat Doctor. Skin conditions are best diagnosed only after seeing directly. I suggest you to upload photographs of the same on this website, so that I can guide you scientifically.  By what you quote it should be an urticaria or a simple skin allergy. You can use HY Chat Doctor.  Most important thing to be remembered is that it has a propensity to recur (called as second crop) within 10-14 days. If this happens, you can start using the same medicine, but I suggest you get the kid evaluated with your pediatrician. Hope my answer was helpful for you.  I am happy to help any time. Further clarifications and consultations on Chat Doctor are welcome. If you do not have any clarifications, you can close the discussion and rate the answer. Wish your kid good health.
Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, THe symptoms are suggesting me that you are having lower respiratory tract infection (LETI) following the infection of sinuses. Because of the LETI you are having these symptoms. For my patients with these symptoms I would have advised1. Take Rest2. Steam Inhalation with Vapor Caps3. Chat Doctor. Oral Broad spectrum Antibiotics for minimum of 5 days.5. Oral Antihisatmines6. Oral Antacids. In most of the patients with this treatment the symptoms will improve, hope if you take this treatment by consulting your doctor, symptoms may come down. Thank you.
Hi, thanks for using Chat Doctor Fluid overload can cause symptoms such as swelling in the arms, legs, abdomen. It can also result in the accumulation of fluid in the lungs which would cause shortness of breath. Fluid overload would not cause fibromyalgia or contribute to the development of autoimmune diseases such as lupus. Blood tests would be able to determine if lupus, RA or any of the other autoimmune diseases is contributing to her symptoms. I hope this helps
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. At the age of 18 years, undiagnosed stress and anxiety are more likely causes for your symptoms. So better to consult psychiatrist and get done counselling sessions. Try to identify stressor in your life and start working on its solution. You will also need anxiolytic Chat Doctor. Avoid stress and tension, be relaxed and calm. Don't worry, you will be alright with all these. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.
HelloAbdominal tuberculosis can be classified into the Tubercular mesenteric amenities, intestinal tuberculosis, mental or tubercular peritonitis. The first investigation is blood test which can show increased ESR with raised lymphocytes count. Then a USG should be done to find out any enlarged and matted lymph node, thickening or adhesion of the intestinal wall or any collection of fluid. The next investigation may be CENT abdomen for better delineation of anatomic abnormality or if USG is doubtful. Sometimes there may be formation of cold abscess or mass, then aspiration of pus or USG guided biopsy of mass may be needed. The pus should be sent for test of tuberculosis. A test called Quantifier gold test may also be advised for diagnosis. Tuberculosis is a communicable disease and mainly spread through Chat Doctor. Most communicable is pulmonary tuberculosis. Chances are very, very less in abdominal tuberculosis if not associated with pulmonary TB. If there is only abdominal TB no specific precaution is needed. Regards
Hi Dear, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Understanding your concern. As per your query your baby have symptoms of red blotchy rash on the torso. Well there can be many reasons for symptoms you mention in query like allergic reaction, Angoras, compromised immunity, eczema, psoriasis and due to certain systemic pathology. Need not worry. I would suggest you to maintain proper hygiene. You should Chat Doctor.  Avoid touching or pricking these rashes. You should take antihistamine like Ben
Hi, If the technician suspects duodenal amnesia, better to get a second scan done by a fetal medicine specialist. She will not only confirm/rule out the amnesia, but also advise you the next steps if problems are identified. And a normal scan will definitely decrease your anxiety. Since you have also has echogenic loci and chorionic cysts which eventually resolved, but they are considered to be soft markers for Downs, these with a present finding, if at all of Duodenal amnesia usually warrants for an amniocentesis, to check for fetal chromosomes, and to rule out Downs. Hope this helps. Regards.
Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern.  You may have ingrown hair, pustules or some abscess formation. You should go for complete blood count.  Furthermore, you should take a course of antibiotics like cephalosporin or augmenting.  Consult your doctor and take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Hello, thanks for contacting Chat Doctor with your query.HIDE scan is more for function of the gallbladder like its efficiency in contracting and emptying the bile into the intestine. If you are having symptoms similar to gallstone attack with severe right upper qua Chat Doctor. For polyps or stones, ultrasound examination is more sensitive. But if the size of the polyp or stone is less than one centimeter in size, it may not show up well on ultrasound. Typical gallbladder pain may radiate to the right shoulder or the right upper back and usually this is not constant, more like spasms. From the numbers that you have given, you seem Mohave abnormal gallbladder function. This may be associated with abnormal sphincter called the sphincter of Odd dysfunction. If that is the case, gallbladder removal will help. Remember, your liver continues to make bile, and it comes to the intestine directly since the gallbladder which acts as a storage organ is no longer there. If your back problem ID due to disc problems of the spine you may have to that evaluated by an orthopedic doctor or a neurology specialist. I wish you the very best.
Hi Dear, Understanding your concern. As per your query you have symptoms of frictional rash between but cheeks which could be due to clogging of sebaceous glands with dead bacteria and sebum and infection of hair follicle as well. Need not worry. I would suggest you to wear cotton clothes to avoid frictional heat generation. You should keep the area clean and maintain proper hygiene and Chat Doctor.  Wash properly with cold water and apply topical antibacterial cream bacitracin. Avoid itching and pricking skin. Take oral antibiotics as well. Visit dermatologist once and get it examined and start treatment after proper prescription. Hope your concern has been resolved. Best Wishes,
Hi thanks for asking question. Here you can do ECG to rule out ischemic heart disease. Usually in this case pain is severe and radiating to arm with sweating. So chances of ischemic heart disease is less. Mostly you might have simple musculoskeletal pain, may be because of wrong posture while in sleep. Take simple analgesic for that. If still pain not relieved then do further work up with x-ray chest to rule out infective etiology if associated fever is there.CRP and CBC also will be helpful in further work up after few days if pain is getting increased. I hope I have solved your query. Thanks
Dear Friend. Welcome to Chat Doctor. I am Chat Doctor.  I have read your query in detail. Furthermore, I understand your concern. Fever with loose stools is a sign of Infective Diarrhea. If you have blood in stools, it might be Dysentery. I advise following in such conditions:1. A combination antibiotic of Ciprofloxacin and Tinidazole2. A combination of Pantoprazole and Domperidone3. Electron ORS to maintain HY Chat Doctor. If you have persistent vomiting, you might require IV Treatments is my best advice for you based on available details. If you have any further query please ask me. Stay Healthy. ChatDoctor, MD
Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. Please do not indulge yourself in self diagnosis and self-medication. They are dangerous. To know whether you have ADHD, you should take yourself a psychometric test related to ADHD. There are several online ADHD tests available. Please be sincere while answering the online questions. Or you can visit a clinical psychologist who shall conduct the ADHD test. Symptoms of ADHD in teens are similar to those of ADHD in child Chat Doctor.  They include: Distractibility Irritability Poor concentration Hyperactivity ImpulsivityDuring teen years, especially as the hormonal changes of adolescence are going on, ADHD symptoms may get worse. You can consider yourself having ADHD if you have all the above symptoms at relatively higher range. If you require more of my help in this aspect, Please post a direct question to me in this website. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe some psychotherapy techniques which should help you cure your condition further. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor. As a Urologist, I must advise you, to confirm, if you've kidney stones first. Kidney stones can be clearly seen on an ultrasound / CT scan. So no doubt should remain in your mind.You're advised to avoid taking morphine and diclofenac, without knowing what causes your pain.  Diclofenac also can cause damage to kidney. See a doctor and after examination, hell advise you to regard the scan. For my expert opinion on your scan and report, send it as a direct question. Chat Doctor. Manga.
Yes, for your condition, you will require a combination of medications. The medications include Prednisone, Hydroxychloroquine (Plaquenil), Mycophenolate Mofetil (Cellcept), Methotrexate, Azathioprine, Tacrolimus (Prograf), Dapsone, Cyclophosphamide, Mycophenolic Acid (Myfortic), Sevelamer (Renvela), Etanercept (Enbrel), and Doxepin.
HiT hanks for posting onChatDoctorConcomitant use of Allocator may reduce the antibody response to intradermal rabies vaccine administered for exposure vaccination. The intramuscular route should be used for people taking Allocator concurrently or due to start almost immediately after the vaccine. Since you took the vaccine I'm, there will be no problem. You may continue with Allocator as planned. Hope this will help you Best regards
HAI*Paranoia suggest evolving Psychosis in the depressed state*Antidepressants SSRI is the first line of choice. But I personally feel the dose used was less .... The dose could have was escalated according to the clinical condition *Kindly get an opinion from another Psychiatrist. He may increase the dose of the Antidepressant*in case of Severe depression with Psychosis, addition of Antipsychotic with Antidepressant is a usual practice. Thank you
Based on your symptoms, it's possible that you have vaginismus, which is a condition where the muscles in your pelvic floor involuntarily contract and make it difficult or impossible to have intercourse or insert tampons. The hot flashes and frequent urination may be related to the anxiety and stress caused by the condition.
Hi and kind regards, It would be of interest actually characterizing the growths described. Knowing if these are elated to the infection or not is very important. The two processes, growth and infections could be either related or not related. Your doctor will for sure be able to make this clear distinction. Concerning the recurrent infection, four main possibilities in my humble opinion should be reviewed. The choice of the Chat Doctor.
Hi, Dear thanks for the query to Chat Doctor virtual clinic. I studied your query in full details updated from you. I understood your health concerns. Based on your query data, In my opinion, Dear You seem to suffer from -Could be-due- to NHL as these lymph nodes did not regress after antibiotics/Could be due to Lung Cancer / or Lung Could be due to Breast upper outer qua Chat Doctor. For this you need to consult a Surgeon and get the Excision Biopsy/CT chest and abdomen to rule out the HL(Hodgkin Lymphoma) and NHL(Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma)For this treatment GP and Breast/Thoracic/Onco-Surgeon team would be needed to treat your case.Thus, you need to be concerned and need to ask for biopsy with your doctors. Hope this reply would help you to evaluate your case and treat it with your doctors in time to come. Hope this would resolve your query and worry and Anxiety accompanied by it. Welcome for any further query in this regard to ME. I would love to help you out.Awaiting any further query. Wish you fast recovery from this intriguing health problem. Have a Good Day.
**1. It is better to have her Urine tested for Culture and Sensitivity test prior to starting any western treatment, so that you and your doctor could know the antibiotic to which the organism is sensitive.2. In the meantime, since catheter is inside, make sure to wash it every alternate day, since catheter for long time is one cause of fever and Urinary tract Infection.3. At her age [85] due to weakened Immunity, it may take some time to show improvement, advise her to take plenty of fluids and start with medicine after culture results with proper dosage.
Hello, I would recommend a repeat urine routine examination and a pelvic and kidney, ureter, and bladder (PUB) scan to rule out any anatomical defect. Adequate HY Chat Doctor.  Give boiled and cooled water to the baby in warm-season about four to five ounces per day. You can always change the amount depending on the feeding of the baby. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hello, It looks from your details that there is no history of injury to your foot. In that case swelling and pain at your toe may be due to following:- Infection or cellulitis- Reynolds phenomenon-High serum uric You should do following to have relief in this case:- Take a good analgesic like aspirin, ibuprofen or paracetamol- Avoid weight-bearing over toe-At present avoid cold or hot application over toe-Take an antibiotic on prescription- You may also apply turmeric powder over affected area. Turmeric acts as an antiseptic agent. If problem does not resolve in 2-3 days then it will be better to consult to your physician. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi, It seems that you are having facial Melanesia. There are many causes of FM. Irritation, allergy,sun exposure, pollution,cosmetics, Vitamin deficiencies, anaemia, stress, thyroid and other endocrine abnormalities, DM,HIV, Malignacies, hereditory, Blood diseases and so on. You consult dermatologist. Thorough clinical history and examination along with investigations are needed to find out the cause.Accordingly, the treatment is taken. Application of comic acid and vitamin C containing cream will be helpful to lighten the color. Take vitamin C, Glutathione and nicotine acid tablets. Avoid exposure to sun. Cleanse the face with face wish containing vitamin C and glycolic acid. You will be benefitted. Thanks.
Hi, The fact that the child is losing weight means that he is underfed. It seems that he can't expectorate all the mucus he has. Eventually the mucus gets swallowed, accumulates in the stomach and causes the vomiting after milk intake. You should give him an expectorant as Murine to help him get rid of the mucus. Also make sure the child Chat Doctor. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi thanks for contacting Chat Doctor... Yes these two condition can be associated ... You could have chronic cholecystitis .... Because of that diarrhea can occur... It could be primary infection or secondary to gall stone.... In USG wall thickened but no Stone present.... So here if needed higher investigation like magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography might be needed. If necessary gall removal might be needed. Consult gastroenterologist for that...Meanwhile, take low fat diet.... Take care...
Hi, lisa things seems to be not good. Hepatic encephalopathy means that liver in not functioning and waste products inside the body has not been cleared and that has affect brain. Along with multiple complications like diabetes and kidney problem, there is definitely bad news. I am sorry, but exact time frame can not be given. But over all prognosis seems to be unfavorable. Please discuss this with your doctor who will solve all of your queries.bye.
Hi and thank you so much for this query. I am so sorry to hear about this difficulty you are having trying to get pregnant. Even in women without any fertility related problem, it may take as many as 12 months to succeed becoming pregnant. It is more of a game of chance and no one can actually predict with precision that a particular method would guarantee a pregnancy. However, in women with PCs, metformin has been shown to increase their chances of conception. It would be best to ask your doctor of this as a possible treatment option. I hope this ad Chat Doctor.  Thank you so much for patronizing our services, and please do feel free to ask for follow-up clarifications and information if need be. I wish you the best of health.
Hello and welcome, Gum abscess often reoccur even after puncturing manually. It is bacterial infection of the gums due to deposition of plaque, food debris or improper oral hygiene if not treated in time it does spread to the adjacent gums and underlying bone. It needs clinical evaluation so I suggest you to visit a dentist and get the abscess Chat Doctor. You need deep scaling of gums and root planing followed by a course of antibiotic to avoid the reoccurrence and to maintain good periodontal health. Take care.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. It seems muscular pain mostly as it is increased by arm movement. But we need to rule out cardiac cause first because pain is on left side. So get done ECG first to rule out cardiac cause. If this is normal than muscular pain is the cause mostly. Try to follow these steps for better symptomatic relief in muscular pain. 1. Avoid heavy weight lifting and strenuous exercise. 2. Avoid bad postures in sleep. 3. Take good painkiller and muscle relaxant. 4. Apply warm water pad on affected site.
Hi, Your relative has complaints of low energy and loss of interest (you have not provided any other details like duration or associated symptoms). These symptoms alone are not sufficient to diagnose the illness because it is seen as a part of many disorders. Apart from getting routine tests done to rule out any possible medical illness, depressive illness has to be ruled out in her. You also mention that her husband does not give her enough time and loneliness can lead to depressive illness. You also say that she is on Risperidone from the past one year. This Chat Doctor.  You also say that there seems to be no response. In that case the diagnosis for which the
Hi Dear, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Understanding your concern. As per your query your brother have symptoms of fever and nausea which is because you are suffering from viral infection. Poor immunity of body is responsible for your condition. Need not worry. I would suggest you to visit general physician once and get complete examination done. You should go for blood and sputum tests. You should take antipyretic to for fever relief such as cal pol, paracetamol or Adolf suppositories acetaminophen. Gargle with saline water. Use mist humidifiers in room. If fever increases do tepid sponging as well with cold water. You should take multivitamin tablets to booster immunity of your body. Hope your concern has been resolved. Get Well Soon. Best Wishes,
Hello, Basically, there is tissue present that is not giving a normal reaction to the MRI. The words subtle and superficial indicate less of a change or less invasion rather than a dense mass or extensive area showing change. You indicate ulcerated tissue present which is inflamed or abnormal tissue. There are lymph nodes, less than one centimeter in size, that are showing a change. The location is identified around and behind the submandibular glands in the neck with level IB and II noted. Identification of lymphatic Chat Doctor.  The study indicates the location to be on side of your tongue. More information concerning the tissue requires a pathological study such as a biopsy. Tumors when removed are further evaluated with pathological studies. This will identify malignant and non-malignant tumors of the oral cavity. MRI study for the evaluation of squamous cell carcinoma is the primary concern. Other lesions to include in a possible diagnosis include lymphoma, adenoid, sarcoma, salivary gland tumor, abnormal adenoidal tissue or floor of the mouth tissue. Thank you for your inquiry. Your doctor will review your MRI study and clinical evaluation to advise you on your treatment.
HelloThanks for your query, based on the facts that you have posted it appears that you have been indulged in frequent masturbation since long time and desire to stop masturbating. Following measure will help you to boost up your confidence and help in quitting habit of masturbation.1) Practice regular exercise for 45 minutes followed by meditation for 1/2 an hour in the morning.2) Take high protein diet rich in vegetables and fruits and vitamin A, C,D, E.and Zinc3)Take anti oxidants like Almonds 5-6 every day.4) Avoid alcohol and smoking.5)Please try to your self busy in activities like sports, reading , social work etc. so that you will not get free time to masturbate.  Chat Doctor.
Hi, I can understand your concern for tanned skin. If I were your dermatologist then I would have suggested you to use atelier acid cream or Comic acid cream or glycolic acid cream or licorice extract or routine creams at nighttime in guidance of dermatologist. The most important part is to use a sunscreen regularly in open environment and on exposure to sun. Take a proper guidance and follow up with a good dermatologist so that all the problem can be dealt best for future time. Take care
Hi, Dear,Good evening. Thanks for your query to Chat Doctor. I studied your query in-depth. In my opinion the painful lump on the thigh, mostly-is due to the -fungal skin-infection with multiple boils(Jock itch)-as it increased in number after squeezing./ or it could be -Boils-with spreading infection due to squeezing/ or could be infectious mono / or could be LGV. The clear history of squeezing lead to 3 lumps from one-leads to -fungal infected boils with secondary infection leading to chills and fever-due to aggressive spreading bacterial infection in the groin skin. Treatment-A-Good groin-skin hygien-with dilute detail /betadine-would go a long way in controlling these lumps in the future.b-Tb-anti-fungal for chronic infection-, antifungal creams / and appropriate-Antibiotic cover to control infection-under cover of ER-Skin doctor, would fix your lump treatment. This would require consultation of ER-skin doctor / ER-physician / and or ER-Surgeon in the treating team. Hope this would clarify the worry you had. Would love to Welcome your queries to Chat Doctor.
Hi, you are 42 years female, have endometriosis, and chocolate cyst which is removed 2 years back by laparotomy. Have one child and looking for another.  You have a gap of 6 six years after the first child, and your age also 42 at the margin of the fertility.  Nothing is impossible, your doctor will be the correct person to judge the position, her statement is correct, and in the correct way. And there will be chances, wishing for a good luck.
It sounds like you could have a bladder obstruction.
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor. As a Urologist, I can suggest you take potassium magnesium citrate, which is available as tablets, syrup or sachets. Different companies market the same product in various names, like Stone-1 MB6,Alston MB6, etc., which are same as Pot rate MB6. You should be able to get in most medical stores. Taking an alpha blocker like Alfuzosin with that, helps expel stone faster. If you send details to me as a direct question, i can give expert opinion. Chat Doctor.  Wish you good health.
Hello, I have gone through your query and would recommend you to get your hemoglobin, serum ferritin levels, serum vitamin B12 and serum vitamin D levels and thyroid function tests done to rule out any internal cause of hair loss. Start applying minoxidil 2 per cent lotion on the scalp twice daily and take hair supplements containing biotin once daily. You need to continue this for 4-5 months to see significant results. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor.
Hi, Please do not worry. A 4D ultrasound helps identify structural defects in the baby and since none are identified, do not be worry. Sometimes the scan look different from what we expect them to show. The radiologist would have definitely informed you if he felt any concerns. Also, a risk of 1:309 for Downs is a very low risk, and you need to worry only if your risk was less than 1/100. The measurements you have posted if with the estimated gestational age, it would have helped better understanding. Any gross abnormality in measurements is generally commented by the radiologist. Do not worry. Ultrasound make it easier to identify abnormalities, do not get anxious because of it. Hope this helps. Regards.
Hello and thank you for asking Chat Doctor, I understand your concern. Since your daughter has omitting and diarrhea, this us something which is not connected with your accident. She caught apparently virus. My suggestion is to take her to your GP to make proper examination and to give her infusions if she has lost a lot of fluids. Until then gave her water after each omitting and after each diarrhea episode. Avoid heavy food, only toast and light soups, but altered soups. Gave her also one banana or a tomato to supply her with calcium. I hope this answer was helpful to you.
Hello, He seems to be suffering from brain disease. The underlying brain disease could be ischemia-lack of blood flow to brain or degenerative disease such as dementia.  He needs to undergo MRI of brain and detailed neuropsychological assessment. At Nellore, he can visit CMC Nellore hospital and consult Chat Doctor.  Hope I have answered your queries. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care
Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You should give details about site of bleeding. Antibiotics are not useful in any bleeding.  You may have local cause of bleeding or generalized bleeding disorder. Tell me your age, sex and site of bleeding so that I can help you. Hope I have answered your question, if you have any doubts then contact me at bit.ly/ Chat Doctor. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Hello, It would depend upon the report of angiography and nuclear stress test whether you need it or not. If your nuclear stress test is positive then you will be subjected to angiography and if angiography is showing blockages then you will need angioplasty. So need to provide us the report in order to provide you third opinion. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi Mrs XXX. I have gone through your question and I understand your concern. According to your symptoms, I would say that you may have arrhythmia , probably SVT (supraventricular tachycardia) your atrium beats fast or an atrial fibrillation that are common complication of WPW (wolf Parkinson white) and it may lead to serious condition such heart failure. The intervention that you did is 90% effective and the recurrent of the arrhythmia may happen again. Your chest pain can because of hypertension also cause the arrhythmia. I would recommend you to go to the hospital as soon as possible to check how your heart is working, do an ECG, or a Holder monitor (24h) to monitor your heart beat. This is a serious condition that need further evaluation to exclude any heart problems. The doctors may start medication to control your heart beat according to ECG result.Meanwhile, check your blood pressure 3 times a day, take the medication regularly , it's your blood pressure back to normal . Minimize exercises. Wish you good health. If you have any other questions please feel free to ask me.
Yes definitely. Anchor GGUL and Arogyavardhini vat taken together will show you results in about 8-12 weeks. Firmer 2 bid and latter 1 bid. Avoid sours and heavy food. Do deep breathing exercise - the Panama. Learn on International Yoga Day somewhere near you. Its 35-minute package - credits slow and longer but non-toxic. After 8 weeks continue only Anchor GGUL for reaching desired levels. Totally safe.  Doesn't counteract with other med.A Lot of warm water red with these. Write back happily when it starts reducing. It's my experience. Hope it brings happiness to you - safely.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your situation and problem. But cervical polyp can be malignant too. Mpstly cervical polyps are benign and hyper plastic in nature. But can behave as early malignancy. And to have normal PAP smear with normal cervical biopsy and malignant polyp is possible. So better to consult oncologist and get done PET scan to rule out distal metastases. And you may need unblock removal of uterus as you are having early stage malignancy.  The prognosis is excellent. So no need to worry much.
Hi ! Good afternoon. I am Chat Doctor answering your query. If I were your doctor, I would also add an anti-spasmodic to your medications, and also advise you for an ultrasound of abdomen to rule out any fluid accumulation over there. If the symptoms increase, then I would suggest you to report to the ER of your nearest hospital, where you might be put on IV antibiotics, and IV fluids with nil orally for a proper bowel rest. I hope this information would help you in discussing with your family physician/treating doctor in further management of your problem. Please do not hesitate to ask in case of any further doubts. Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor to clear doubts on your health problems. Wishing you an early recovery. Chat Doctor.
Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. Your complete blood count report is normal. No need to worry. Lymphocytes are slightly high, but it is a normal variation.  It doesn't suggest any disease. If you don't have any symptoms then don't worry about your lymphocytes.  Just be relaxed.  Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Hi dear, and thanks for your query. If you have unprotected intercourse one day before the day of ovulation, chances to conceive are very large. Wait until your expected date of your periods, if you will have breakthrough periods, you aren't pregnant and if you will have delay periods than take a pregnancy test to confirm/rule out pregnancy. If it is with two lines it is positive, hence you are pregnant. If it is with one line, it is negative, hence you are pregnant, you only have delay periods. All the best
Hi, Thanks for posting your querulous mother is suffering from slip disc which causes pressure over nerve roots. There are several modes of treatment like medicines, physiotherapy, epidural injections. If there is no improvement with conservative treatment, surgery is another option by which pressure over nerve roots relieved by removal of bulging disc (discectomy). Hope this will help regards Chat Doctor.
Hi, Thanks for using Chat Doctor, After going the available details you have abdominal pain on right side and urinary symptoms this all can happen in infection to Urinary bladder(UTI). But your blood tests are normal it is not clear what tests have been done. You should be examined by a Good Physician and get Ultrasonography of abdomen if already not done. If everything fine and your symptoms persist then even Depression may because then it will be useful to consult a Psychiatrist and take proper counselling and treatment. Hope this helps. Take care. Good Luck. Chat Doctor. D
Hi. Thank you for asking us. My opinion is that you should do a full recovery which is 2-6 weeks. These may be some mild side effects that any medication has the probability to exert. You should take your therapy regularly. As about the alcohol consumption, you are allowed to take the allowed daily dosage, which is up to 30 g ethanol/day (e.g. two beers, a glass of wine). I recommend that you perform a stress test 1, 3 and 6 months after the stent replacement, and an echocardiogram 3-6 months after discharge. Take care. I wish you a good health
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. By your history and description, possibility of HERD (gastroesophageal reflux disease) is more. HERD is due to laxity of gastroesophageal sphincter. Because of this the acid of the stomach tends to come up in the esophagus and cause symptoms of chest pain, burning epigastric pain, burping, belching, chest tightness, pressure etc. Along with antacid (gas x), you should also follow below-mentioned lifestyle modifications for better symptomatic relief. 1. Avoid stress and tension. 2. Avoid hot and spicy food. Avoid junk food. 3. Avoid large meals, instead take frequent small meals. 4. Keep 2-3 pillows under head in bed to prevent reflux. 5. God for walking after meals. Don't worry, you will be alright with all these. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.
Hi welcome to Chat Doctor forum.  Thanks for calling Chat Doctor. Forum.  Your patient for paracentesis had the tube in, when you tried it there was pain, after stopping the procedure it has stopped. Next day she had nausea, and it was tried again, and had severe pain again.  As the tube was in position for days, there are plenty of chances of infection. The pain depends upon the diagnosis for which it is done. If it is done for tuberculosis or malignancy, the disease might have increased.  Contraindications are distended urinary bladder, distended abdomen, or adhesions.  I advise you to consult a surgeon for diagnosis of the cause. You may need to have M.R.I. besides other tests for confirmation.  Wishing for a comfortable time to her.  Best regards for the procedure.
Hello, I have studied your case. You should stop using inversion table. You may need to do MRI spine again to see for nerve compression If your new MRI shows disc bulge with nerve compression then surgery may help. Due to compression of this nerve root there is tingling numbness in your leg and pain associated with it. For these symptoms analgesic and neurotrophic medication can be started. Till time, avoid lifting weights, Sit with support to back. You can consult physiotherapist for help. Physiotherapy like ultrasound and TENS therapy will help will advise checking your it B12 and it D3 level. Take gabapentin till time. Hope this answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your queries. Wishing you good health. Take care.
Hi.it is important to know why she is facing insomnia.or whether she is on sedatives or not.if OCD is associated with depression, there may be insomnia.or OCD per se can cause insomnia out of anxiety due to obsessional thoughts and compulsive acts.so report her psychiatrist regarding all these and optimize her medication.also look to start behavior therapy with the help of a clinical psychologist.have a good health.
Based on your symptom, it is possible that you may have contracted West Nile virus.
Hi, After going through your case there is likely possibility of cardiac arrhythmia (abnormal electrical activity of heart) that may be responsible for your episodes of passing out. For controlling heart rhythm and preventing cardiac arrhythmia you might have been prescribed metoprolol and not for blood pressure.  For better advise I want to know-1) Your age.2) Presence of other comorbid conditions like diabetes.3) Any other medicines other than metoprolol going on. Following investigations may be helpful in decision making-1) ECG during period of passing out.2) Resting ECG.3) 2DEcho of heart.4) Holders monitoring and electrophysiologist study of heart.5) Complete blood count, Kidney & Liver function tests, serum electrolytes, calcium, magnesium, phosphorus.6) Thyroid function test.7) If nothing is significant in above-mentioned test then there may be need for MRI brain with angiogram. From above test we can come to know about cause for your symptoms and accordingly appropriate decision cane be taken. Hope this may be helpful to you. If so do vote.
Hello, As the person had a fracture 12 months ago, I think an x-ray or CT should be taken before starting any high strenuous workout. In most cases, the bone heals better but always have to start with low intensity and modify to high intensity over a period of 3-4 months of time. As we need to first improve the overall composition of the bone and make it ready for the stress and strain. Understanding the biomechanics of the bone is important before doing any physical exercise which is mostly into the training program. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Jay In Chat Doctor.
Hello, Thank you for posting on ChatDoctorComplexion of any person is having two components; constitutive, one which is predetermined by genetics and racial factors and usually cannot be changed with any treatment. The other component is due to external agents like environmental exposure, sunlight, use of any cosmetics etc. and is amenable to treatment. You should avoid use of Carmelite cream as it contains steroid and other ingredients which harms the skin if used without medical advice. You can get a series of chemical peels, which actually remove the upper dead layers of skin and stimulate regeneration of collagen and thus newer layers of skin. Many options are available in chemical peels depending on the requirement and skin type. (Glycol peel, retinol peel, cocktail peel etc.)Also, chemical peeling can be preceded by a simple procedure called microdermabrasion or commonly known as skin polishing to augment the results. Also, at home you can try using cream containing comic acid, betray Chat Doctor. Always use broad spectrum sunscreen before going out in sun. Use a plain moisturizer like detail DAM on daily basis for healthy and HY
Hi! Welcome to Chat Doctor. I read your query. As you mentioned the molar fractured while extraction, are you sure it was not removed entirely? Usually no part of tooth is left in socket intentionally unless it is small enough to resort over a period of time. Still for clarification or if you are having any symptom, I suggest you go to an Oral surgeon and get an X-ray of that area done. It will confirm if It's still there and whether it needs to be removed or not. If it is causing any infection or pain, it needs to be removed. Do not worry, it will be painless under local anesthesia. As you had an unpleasant dental experience once, please don't keep that fear forever and go ahead. Hope the answer helps you. Thank you!
Hello. Inner ear is partly responsible for maintenance of body balance. Viral fevers can sometimes involve inner ear. Since you had prominent dizziness and also ear ache, so this possibility has to be considered. Similar features can occur with involvement of middle ear too. If problems are transient and already improving, you can wait and watch. If any new problem comes up or the current problems increase than prompt medical attention is needed to manage it. Good luck.
Thanks for posting your query at Chat Doctor. Your daughter is suffering from a respiratory tract infection. The dose of paracetamol is 15 mg/kg/dose which is same as 4ml of P250 syrup which should be given at least at interval of 3-4 hrs. You can give her the doses accordingly. The dose of augmenting is unrelated, and you need not worry. Apart from these measures, I would insist you to go for cold sponging with water at room temperature and that should help in reducing the temperature. I hope that would help. Feel free to revert with further queries if any.
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor. As a Urologist, I can fully understand your concern.It's essential for you to be on hemodialysis, due to ESD. The recent U/S scan showed kidney atrophy, which suggests, reduced kidney size. The reports mentioned by you are seen in ESD.You've been on treatment for bilateral renal polycystic disease(AP CKD), with hypertension, since past 22 years. This has lead to ESD. Maintain the renal diet as advised, and check creatinine and electrolytes, regularly. You may have been told about kidney transplant as an option to dialysis. You can send me a direct question, if you have any doubt. Chat Doctor.  Manga.
Hellos you described in query it is inflammation of the nasal lining membrane. Usually patient feels :Nasal itching, watery gonorrhea, nasal obstruction, sneezing, post nasal discharge, cough, sometimes impaired smell Usually these symptoms are sometimes accompanied infection (as in your case in throat either due to allergy or infection). When such patient visit I prescribe montelukast +fexofenadine tablet once in the night. Mucinex only provide mild relief in mucus but in your case all these symptoms may be due to bronchoconstriction so if you feel uneasiness during breathing take montelukast +albuterol instead above-mentioned tab. Take azithromycin 500 mg once in day for 3 days. While Monte+Bambi, you have to take as whenever necessary. Good luck.
Welcome to ChatDoctorHi I am Chat Doctor and I will help with your Query have gone through your question. I need to illicit some more information.- Was there any bone fractures of metacarpal (Hand Bones)?- How deep was the wound?- Was there involvement of any tendon or associated structures?- What are the overall range of movement of your hand?- Does the lump move with flexion and extension of the fingers? It appears that the lump is a part of the healing process. If it moves with finger movement than it may be associated with tendons, which will require a look by your treating surgeon. Pain will go will time, start some physiotherapy like holding a tennis ball in hand and pressing it. Hope this will help you with your problem. If problem persists do come back to us with answers to above questions. Wishing you rapid recovery. I hope this will help you. Do rate my answer if like it. Regards
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Chest tightness, breathing difficulty are commonly seen with heart and lung diseases. So consult doctor and get done ECG, 2d echo, stress test, chest x and PFT (Pulmonary Function Test). If all these are normal then no need to worry about heart and lung diseases. You are also having hair fall. Sometimes thyroid issues can also be the cause. So get done thyroid function test (TSH, free T3 and T4). Sometimes undiagnosed stress can also be the cause. So avoid stress and tension, be relaxed and calm. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.
Hi, your husband was taking antidepressants, so it might be antidepressants induce manic episode. Alcohol dependence and sleep disturbance may precipitate mood episode in future, so it is better for him to avoid alcohol and get better sleep in night. Edema feet might be due to antipsychotic medicine which he is receiving for manic symptoms, it might be due to other cause. Better you discuss it with your treating doctor he will find out the cause and manage it properly. Hope this is helpful for you. Thank Chat Doctor.
Howell come to ChatDoctorI really appreciate your concern, for the epilepsy you will have to take medicine for long time, the disease may have some functional elements or the personality changes, but you could come out of this, try to build up your confidence, now for the pain it may not be heart related pain but most probably it is the pain due to acidic phenomenon, and it can be well managed with Tab Omeprazole 40 mg once in day, try to way from the stress, avoid eating spicy food hope this information helps.
HelloThanks for query. You have not mentioned age of your husband in your query making difficult to make suggestions. In view of symptoms that you have posted it seems that he has infection of the prostate. He needs to consult qualified Urologist for clinical and digital rectal examination and get following basic test done to confirm the diagnosis.1) Urine Routine and Urine culture to rule out infection.2) Ultrasound Scanning of abdomen and pelvis to rule out any urinary stone or enlarged Prostate. His pain during ejaculation could be due to infection of Prostate (Prostatitis). He needs to take broad spectrum antibiotics like Definite along with urinary antiseptic like Nitrofurantoin twice daily and urine alkalizer thrice daily. Later on switch on to appropriate antibiotics as per culture report. Get the prescription of medicines from your family Physician. Ensure he Chat Doctor. To keep your urine dilute This will help to control dysuria. Further treatment will depend upon the results of these test and final diagnosis.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. You had blunt chest trauma due to fighting and the cracking sound is mostly due to rib fracture. So better to get done chest x-ray for the diagnosis of rib fracture. Follow these steps for better symptomatic relief in such cases. 1. Avoid movements causing pain. 2. Avoid bad postures in sleep. 3. Avoid heavyweight lifting and strenuous exercise. 4. Apply warm water pad and ice pack application on affected areas. 5. Take painkiller and anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor.  6. Sit with proper back and chest support. Don't worry, you will be alright with all these in 1-2 weeks. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. MRSA is Methicillin Resistant Staph Aureus. It is gram positive bacteria, spread through contamination. So you are right, dentist might contaminate MRSA in your case. It usually produces pneumonia. And the symptoms are cough with expectoration, chest pain, fever, weakness, low energy etc. So your symptoms can be due to MRSA pneumonia. Better to consult pulmonologist and get done1. Chest x ray2. Sputum culture and sensitivity Chest x-ray is needed to know the extent of pneumonia. And sputum culture and sensitivity is needed to guide antibiotic therapy. So start appropriate antibiotics according to sensitivity pattern, and you will be alright.
You'll need to take Tadalafil (Cialis), Procainamide, Alpha-D-Galactosidase Enzyme (Beano), Ginseng Preparation (Ginsana), Fesoterodine (Toviaz), Oxaprozin, Lidocaine-Prilocaine Topical, Trimethoprim, and Cefadroxil.
Hi Dear, Understanding your concern. Red rashes on inner thigh could be due to fungal infection of thighs mainly Tina, as it localizes on body folds and thigh area. Need not worry. I would suggest you to start with oral tablets of Terminating for 1 week. You should clean the skin with soap and cold water and apply petroleum jelly. Wear loose cotton clothes. You should visit dermatologist once and get it examined and start treatment after proper prescription. Take tablet of cetirizine 10 mg once daily for symptomatic relief from itching. Hope your concern has been resolved. Get Well Soon. Best Wishes,
Hi there, the smaller kidney stones that you have talked bout will most probably be expelled out in ruin tho the 4.3 mm one might be a problem. You may be experiencing the pain in the back and abdomen due to the stone which may be travelling down. You can take plenty of fluids and govern tablet to ease the pain. Usually stone s of this dimension will pass out on their own in due course of time. If the condition worsens then you will need to visit a urologist and get reevaluated as to the size and status of the stone. Sometimes they may not pass out but get impacted then you might need other interventional treatment. Take care
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Recurrent cough and cold is mostly due to allergic rhinitis. And breathing problems in such patients is suggestive of asthma more. So better to consult pulmonologist and get done PFT (Pulmonary Function Test).PFT will diagnose asthma and its severity. You will need intranasal spray containing steroid (fluticasone), inhaled bronchodilators (formoterol or albuterol) and inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) (budesonide or fluticasone). Oral combination of antihistamine (levocetrizine or fexofenadine) and anti-allergic (montelukast) is also useful. So don't start Chat Doctor.  Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.
Thanks for the query. Unfortunately this very serious disease and terminal stage of malignant disease. Chemotherapy is the only justified treatment method at this point since surgery would not be helpful in such extended disease. These lesions in liver and kidney can indicate metastases but as I said there is no purpose of surgical removal of it. You can ask is HI PEC available in your place, and it may be beneficial for your condition. Wish you good health. Feel free to ask. Regards
Hi, Thank you for asking question on Chat Doctor. Pneumococcal infection is more common after splenectomy.Hence, Pneumococcal vaccine shot is a must after splenectomy. They are more prone to infection, any suspicion of infection must be aggressively treated. Hope this answer will serve your purposeless feel free to ask any more queries if requiredTake care Chat Doctor. V. Subrahmanyam MD;Disassociate professor of pediatrics
Hi there, Welcome to Chat Doctor, Do you feel that the length of the threads are long? And do you also feel the lower tip of the IRENA? Usually the threads of any IUD are kept long around 1 cm, to check if it still in place, but if it's causing you discomfort then it could be displaced. In that case please get checked by a gynecologist about sits position. An improper place IRENA may not be as effective as expected. So best to get it checked, if misplaced get it removed and replaced with an another. Hope this helps. Regards.
Greetings to u! I'm glad that I will be able to clear your doubt. There is very less possibility that wisdom tooth removal pain lasts for this long unless it is a traumatic extraction. I would also like to point out that the healing time varies with every person. The gum opening up can be because of vigorous gargling resulting in loss of the healing tissue and bone exposure. But this is very uncommon. Next the bone kind of thing and tonsil kind of thing that popped out could be the healing tissue as I've stated before. All these might have resulted in an opening rather communication between his mouth and nose, the reason for his difficulty in blowing his nose. This can be corrected by a small surgical procedure(if required, which has to be decided by your treating dentist/oral surgeon)Till then avoid vigorous gargling, blowing nose, sucking and sneezing. In case of sneezing please close your mouth and nose with your hands. This is not an emergency situation, so be cool. Hope this helped u. Thank u
Hi stop taking antihypertensive medication till you are on medicines for indigestion once settled you can again restart with your antihypertensive medicine otherwise eat a high salt diet, take at least 2.5litres of water daily gastric upset cause loss of sodium and potassium like minerals from stools they play a pivotal role in maintaining blood pressure normal hence either stop ministers XL till your stomach is ok or take excess sodium and potassium in diet
Hi, thanks for posting the concern in Chat Doctor. My understanding is if you have Chat Doctor.  X-ray chest will also be normal in this case. Some other causes should be excluded, e.g. Gastroesophageal reflux disease, esophagitis, peptic ulcer disease, esophageal diverticula etc. You may need clinical examination by a local pulmonologist and further investigations to find out the underlying cause. The following tests may be needed-Complete blood count, CRP, urea, creatinine, electrolytes Pulmonary function test Serum IG E. You may need inhaled bronchodilator and steroids. For the time being my recommendations are -Good oral HY
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Honestly speaking, there is no cure for IPF (idiopathic Pulmonary fibrosis). It is chronic progressive fibrosis of the lung. Following things should be done to achieve optimal treatment and reduce the rate of worsening of lung functions. 1. Home oxygen therapy. Low dose oxygen should be given continuously for at least 16-18 hours a day. This is the best treatment. 2. Start perfinodone. It is the only available and US FDA approved anti-fibrotic agent. It reduces rate of fibrosis. 3. N acetyl cysteine is having excellent antioxidant, bucolic and expectorant properties. And hence it is beneficial in IPF. 4. Enroll her in Pulmonary Rehabilitation center where chest physiotherapy and deep breathing exercises are done. These will surely improve her lung functions. 5. Vaccination with pneumococcal and Influenza vaccines is advisable to prevent recurrent respiratory tract infection. Hope I have solved your query. Wish you good health. Thanks.
Hi, Symbicort is used as maintenance therapy for treatment of asthma. If your son does not have asthma and has VCD instead then it is highly unlikely that stopping Symbicort will cause any problem. So I feel your need to investigate further to diagnose the exact cause of his breathing problem. One possibility is exercise-induced asthma. You can get a pulmonary function test done for that. Once a proper diagnosis is made then appropriate treatment and its duration can be planned. Take care. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi friendWelcome to Chat Doctor Sorry to see several problems - The best one to seek in the situation is a nephrologist - you are right in consulting one. Infection can cause all these - often leading to shock and Multi Organ failure. Ther chance for reversal are not predictable until after the infection has cleared. There is one thing that needs attention - Urea of 23 and creatinine of 4.6 ?? - this is rather unusual If it is not your typing error, it suggests skeletal muscle problem, rather than kidney!  The nephrologist will assess and assist Take tarnishing speedy recovery God bless Good luck
The mentioned pain could be growth pain wherein your child could have genuine pain and not be crying for attention. Chronic arthritis is not relevant at this age. Cancer does not seem relevant for the mentioned details. The cause of frequent fevers and vomiting needs to be evaluated, although I do not think it to be something severe and. Please do not worry. Please visit a pediatrician and get your child assessed.
Hello, I have studied your case. I will advise you MRI spine to look for nerve compression. If your MRI says herniating disc then this can lead to compression of exiting nerve root which later on supply lower limb [leg]. Due to compression of this nerve root there can be tingling numbness in your leg and pain associated with it. Neurotropic medication like methylcobalamine and pregabalin will reduce pain; you can take them consulting your treating doctor. You may consult physiotherapist for further guidance. He may start TENS, or ultrasound which is helpful in your case. Spine extension exercises will help you. I will advise checking your it B12 and it D3 level. Hope this answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your queries. Take care.
Hi, I have read your complaints - pain in the right lower abdomen and back. The most common causes are - Appendicitis, Ureteric stone, ovarian cyst rupture in ladies.  I suggest you get an Ultrasonography of the abdomen, Blood counts and Urine examination. A thorough clinical examination by a Physician is of utmost importance.  Hence, I suggest you go to a Physician and later get ultrasonography(Advisable to not void/urinate for 2 hours prior to the scan as a full bladder helps the radiologist in doing the scan). Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi, Thanks for writing in. Chronic kidney disease is based on the compromised filtration rate of the kidney tubules which is known as glomerular filtration rate or GFR. In stage 1 disease GFR is more than 90In stage 2 disease GFR is 60 to 89In stage 3A disease GFR is 45 - 59In stage 3B disease GFR is 30 - 44In stage 4 disease GFR is 15 to 29In stage 5 disease GFR is If you are in stage 3 then it is important to know if it is 3A or 3B and this shows moderately reduced kidney function. Your doctor will know the details and provide you required treatment.
Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, Rabies is a disease caused by animal bite, it is a 100% fatal, but it is 100% preventable by proper and complete treatment. The treatment includes thorough wound wash, antirabies vaccine and anti rabies serum (AS). Antirabies vaccine should be taken intramuscularly on to deltoid on days 0.3.7.14 and 28 along with the rabies immunoglobulins around the wound on day 0. As the bite was on the hand, because of the bacterial infection of the wound area it may lead to cellulitis of the affected area. It should be treated vigorously with antibiotics like syrup Autoclave and the syrup solo. Cellulitis after treatment it will go off. The scheduled vaccination should be continued without any delay. Thank you.
Hi, You are having heart burn history. Hence, you can have warm feeling and mild chest pain from acid reflux. For that you can take Pantoprazole tablet for week. Keep your head elevated while sleeping. Smoking avoided as leads lower LES tone. Excess fatty meals restricted and coffee, chocolate like food avoided. Before labelling it as heart burn from acid reflux, it is better to rule out cardiac cause by EKG. Consult physician for examination with keeping all this in mind. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi, Welcome to the forum. Your symptoms could be due to disc prolapse in the lumbar area. However, it could be minor as you do not have leg pain. It could also be a mechanical pain due to muscle strain. Now, you could try analgesics such as diclofenac. If symptoms persist, you could see a doctor and get MRI Lumbar spine done. I hope this is helpful to you. You can consult me again directly through my profile. Regards.
Hi. This can occur due to constipation and the white thing could have a protective mucus coating. The contraction of the large bowel to expel this can give you the pain. There can be an internal problem like an ulcer or a mass contributing to this. If you continue to get the same problems, it will be better to consult a Castro and for further investigations like colonoscopy to rule out an internal problemContinue the Mi relax
Hi. Thanks for the query. Difficulty or soreness during swallowing post wisdom tooth removal can be most probably due to inflammation in throat as wisdom tooth extraction can cause inflammation in soft tissues in the extraction site and due to proximity of throat there is inflamed in throat too. The pain and pressure I'm adjacent areas can be radiating pain from wisdom tooth site. White in the extraction socket is the healing tissue that graphically changes color from red of blood clot to white and so on as it is helpful in healing of the extraction site. So if there is pain take painkillers like Ibuprofen, Naproxen etc. Do cool compresses over the weekend. Follow all other post-operative instructions given to you. If there is no improvement in next one week consult an Oral Surgeon and get evaluated. Hope this helps. Regards.
Hi, i appreciate your concern.it seems you have coccyxdynia, due to injury on hard seat while cycling. There seems to be injury to last fragment of tailbone, causing irritation and swelling.i usually advice my patients to take site bat hie sitting in lukewarm water in a wide stencil, for 5-7 days, take some safe painkiller, use sponge cushion for sitting, apply locally painkiller creams, use anesthetic cream/gel in anus to help to pass feces. Get an x-ray done for pelvic area after consulting or tho expert. Thanks I will be happy to answer further any query.
Based on your symptoms, you may be experiencing diabetic ketoacidosis, which is a serious complication of diabetes characterized by high blood sugar levels, dehydration, and the presence of ketones in the urine. You should seek immediate medical attention.
Thanks for your query, I have gone through your query. The red circle at the tip of the tongue can be a benign migratory glossies or erythematous candidiasis. Consult an oral physician and get it ruled out. The benign migratory glossies occurs secondary to nutritional deficiency, stress... If it is benign migratory glossies no need of any treatment, if it is painful, then you can take topical anesthetic and analgesics like Anabel gel. Apply 3-4 times daily before food. If it is candidiasis, Then you can take topical antifungal agents like candid mouth paint, apply 3-4times daily for 1 week. I hope my answer will help you, take care.
Hi.noted history of laparoscopic cholecystectomy and recent postoperative site pain associated with trauma. Are you experiencing any other sign or symptom (such as fever, nausea, vomiting, bleeding)? If there's none, observation will do for now. Cold compress over the area might also help decrease the inflammation or swelling. there's presence/progressions of symptoms, a follow-up consult with your surgeon is best for physical examination and clinical evaluation. Even those who have been operated on several years ago, occasionally experience, discomfort or mild-moderate pain over the operative site area, but is tolerable and resolves spontaneously. Dignostics (such as imaging) and management (medical and/or surgical if indications are found) will be directed accordingly. Hope this helps. Good day!!~ Chat Doctor.
Hello Roxanne, thanks for posting on Chat Doctor, From your description it is very possible that you are having a kidney diseases (infection or stones) which will require to be confirmed by a doctor. Urinalysis (if possible culture and sensitivity test performed), abdominal ultrasound (specifically look at the kidneys), blood test (CBC, urea, creatinine, BUN etc.) will be needed in order to confirm the kidney diseases or exclude it. If that be the case, you will require another course of antibiotics, take antispasmodic Chat Doctor.
Hi, In my opinion I don't think your jaw is actually enlarged the muscles may have been weakened and flaccid but being enlarged is very rare I think anyway it has many symptoms that include weakness and pain in the back, shoulders, arms, or legs an inability to feel hot or cold, a loss of pain sensation, difficulty walking, bowel and bladder function problems, facial pain and numbness, curvature of the spine, or scoliosis. Please consider a 5-star rating with some positive feedback if the information was helpful. Hope the above information helps you. Any further clarifications feel free to ask.
Hi there,First, I'd like to reassure you that your liver enzymes are only slightly elevated, and this doesn't mean that you have liver failure or your liver is in any immediately danger. I think some medications you've taken in the past are probably contributing to your elevated liver numbers, but I think they can go back to normal with the proper care.  The first thing I would do is stop all your ayurvedic medications, which I think you have done.  Time is the treatment here, and your liver will heal itself with time. I also would stay away from alcohol, fatty foods, and stay well HY Chat Doctor.  I'd also limit red meat if possible.  I wouldn't lose hope here. I see plenty of people with liver problems, and many times the liver can heal itself by clean living.  Furthermore, I don't think you're in any big trouble here. I'd just stay away from the medications, eat and live clean, and take care of yourself with diet and exercise. I really do think you'll get better with this advice. I hope this answers your questions. Please feel free to contact me should you have any further questions.
Hello dairy understand your concerned have taken Posting 2 with in 24 hours of the sex, and it is highly effective in preventing the pregnancy. It has just 1-3% failure rate. Bleeding few days after is breakthrough bleeding due to progesterone with Chat Doctor. Your period will come early is again due to hormonal imbalance caused by the posting 2. Your delayed period could be due to hormonal imbalance. Pregnancy test will give sometime false positive result. I would suggest consulting the gynecologist and undergo proper examination and blood Chat Doctor, reproductive hormone analysis. Period can be induced by the progesterone pill in absence of the pregnancy. Avoid stress, take healthy diet,
Hello, osteoblastomas are commonly associated with pain, but you have mentioned no pain. And osteosarcoma also looks similar to osteoblast which is worse. Get a clear picture of the tumor by consulting an MDS (ORAL PATHOLOGIST). An early diagnosed tumor should be removed before it causes any problem is my suggestion. The loss of teeth can be replaced by prosthesis (artificial teeth). In very rare cases benign osteoblast can turn malignant (difficult to treat), so please visit an oral pathologist as soon as possible and get a clear idea of what to do next. If it is an osteoblast my advice will be to take up the surgery. Wish you a healthy happy life. Take care
Based on your symptoms, you may have gas gangrene. It is a rare but serious bacterial infection that affects the muscles and is often caused by bacteria entering an open wound. It is important to seek urgent medical attention to prevent further complications.
Hi, I appreciate your caring towards your wife. Duration of use of the medicines will be told to you by the psychiatrist, and usually it is for 5 years after she is living without any psychotic problems. Stopping medicines before that increases chances of relapse of symptoms. Added will be risk of complications like aggression, suicide and so on. Taking irregularly leads to development of resistance to medicines and need to go for medicines with higher cost and/or side effects. Laws of certain countries ban giving medicines without patients knowledge. It is always better to take her to confidence. Discuss the problems she has taking medicines. If she has any side effects that can be tackled. If she has any apprehension that can be resolved. If she was problem taking tablets, She can opt for alternative methods like syrup or depot. With depot injections she can have injections once in 2-4 weeks and gradually her oral medicine can be stopped. So my advice is to decide on the path by considering her wishes too.
Urostomy doesn't hurt, because It's nothing more than visual inspection by a physician of a patients' urine sample. In other words urostomy is the diagnosis of diseases by inspection of urine. Is the historic medical practice of visually examining a patients' urine for pus, blood, or other symptoms of disease. You would be thinking of Cystoscopy? This procedure can be painful, although it is typically performed under sedation.
U have to improve your food habits do1. Take 2/ 3 glass of warm water in the morning2. Take more water in day3. Take meals at fixed hrs4. Take small amount of food at a time, take more frequent meals - may be five times a day.5. No spicy/ fried/ fast/ junk/processed food.6. No milk for few days, can take curd, no uncooked salad7. Avoid constipation8. Use nibs pain (lemon water) 2/ 3 times a dado for 7 days u will feel better
HiT hanks for your query. I appreciate your concern for the biopsy report. Dyplasia is a precancerous condition in which cells which are very similar to cancer cells grow locally in an organ without the ability to invade into tissue or metastasize (spread to areas distant from where they started). Dysplasia is the earliest localized form of pre-cancerous lesion which can be cured by surgical excision. This biopsy report needs to be correlated with your clinical examination by an oncologist. Hope this answers your query. Take care.
Based on your symptoms, it is possible that you have cervical cancer. I recommend you get a pap smear test as soon as possible to confirm a diagnosis.
Dear patient Polio virus affects anterior horn cells of spinal cord and leads to permanent damage to them and as a result there is atrophy of lower limb muscles. This wasting and atrophy is permanent.  As patient grows he learns to walk with hand to knee gait and can walk without support.  This damage to lower limb muscles is permanent and cannot be reversed. Although strength of muscles can be increased with exercise. If you want to make your leg straight it can be done, but then you have to use caliper and support may be required. You should visit expert orthopedic surgeon nearby you and get yourself examined and opined. All the best.
Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern.  You have multiple enlarged lymph node. It can be due to some reactive hyperplasia, tuberculosis or lymphoma.  You should go for fine needle aspiration cytology or biopsy of that lymph node.  It will give you exact diagnosis.  Then you should take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Hello. Thanks for writing to us at Chat Doctor Your description of the rash and associated pain does seem to suggest a possibility of Shingles; more so if the rash is arranged in a stripe like pattern across one half of the body, with a sharp mid-line cut off. Shingles may initially start either as rash or as raised patches and subsequently may develop fluid filled lesions. Therefore, absence of fluid filled lesions from the start doesn't rule out shingles. Pain is more of a feature of herpes Zoster; irritation to the muscle rub would have been associated with a burning sensation rather than pain. I would suggest that you visit a dermatologist for a confirmatory diagnosis. A dermatologist would be better able to confirm it or rule it out. There is usually associated pain which may be shooting or stabbing in quality. If Shingles is confirmed to be shingles on visual inspection, treatment would be with an oral antiviral e.g. acyclovir or val acyclovir. Associated pain also need to be managed appropriately with NSAIDsFirst step would be to visit a dermatologist for a confirmatory diagnosisRegards
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. No, this is not correct diagnosis. Heparin is given mostly in cardiac chest pain (coronary artery disease - CAD). With normal ECG, possibility of CAD is less likely. Gastritis can also cause similar kind of pain. So in my opinion, she should definitely get done 2d echo, stress test (trade mill test). If these are also normal, no need to worry about CAD. Give her simple antacid (pantoprazole) twice daily on empty stomach. Ask her to avoid oily and spicy food. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wishing good health to your mother. Thanks.
Thanks for query on Chat Doctor. Emergency contraception is effective only in the first few days following intercourse It should be taken within 72 hours after unprotected intercourse. Falmina is combined pill and can work as an emergency pill, but you have to repeat it after 12 hours to prevent pregnancy. Now wait and watch for next cycle or with Chat Doctor. Otherwise, consult gynecologist for further guidance.
Management of a complete ACL tear depends on certain factors such as age, level of physical activity and feeling / symptoms of instability, i.e. feeling of giving away at the knee joint.Therefore, if you are young playing sports/ physically active and with a feeling that the knee is going to give away or buckle then you certainly need surgery. However, prior to surgery you have to ensure your knee has complete range of movement,i.e. it can bend and straighten completely, no swelling should be present and your qua Chat Doctor. E the front thigh muscle should be well exercised for a successful outcome of surgery. I recommend 6 weeks physiotherapy prior to undergoing ACL reconstruction in cases divided surgery. If you are middle-aged with not many physical activities like sports and there are no symptoms of buckling then a conservative approach/ physiotherapy is recommended
Hi, thank you for providing the brief history of you. As you mentioned you had implanted in the leg and for so long days no pain and aches. So now if the pain is arising then you should get it once checked by taking up an x-ray. As by understanding the biomechanics of the bone, the leg bone is a weight-bearing bone and any implant fixed needs an assessment if pain arises.Also, when you stand for long hours the biomechanics of load and stress of the bone is high, and it may give some indication in the form of pain. So getting an x-ray done is advised. Based on the X-ray findings the next plan can be made. RegardsJay In Chat Doctor.
Hello, Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor for posting your query. I have gone through your question in detail and I can understand what you are going through. There could be many reasons for such hypopigmentation, right from being nutritional cause to infections. You may need a biopsy of the skin over the scrotum to confirm. I would advise you to take up some snaps and put it on the Chat Doctor question so that we can have a better look at what you are meaning to say. Hope I am able to answer your concerns. If you have any further query, I would be glad to help you. In future if you wish to contact me directly, you can use the below-mentioned link:bit.ly/ Chat Doctor.
Hello! Welcome to Chat Doctor ! Presently your in depressive state. So, now you're suffering with all the depressive symptoms like feeling low and sad, wanting to stay alone, unable to concentrate on work, low self-esteem, etc. I guess you also feel hopelessness and guilt along with sleeplessness. It indicates that you're in a moderate to severe depression state, which ought to be treated with a psychiatrist. Mostly, they prescribe medications like SSRIs and TCAS. I recommend you to consult a psychiatrist immediately. Also, start practicing relaxation exercises like mindfulness, meeting friends, going for a walk in the morning, which will help relieve your stress. Hope that clarifies your concerns. Thank you for the question. Take care
Hi red bumps recurrent over the pubic area can be HY Chat Doctor. It is group of furunculosis which are needed together. They are mainly due to uncleanliness or excessive moisture over the area. They can be treated by Atari 25 mg at night. Antibiotic twice daily and application of mupirocin ointment after saline compressors. Use of minocycline 100 mg OD can cure it. If no response go for surgical removal
Hello dear, The bruise & wound needs to be cleaned properly with regular Chat Doctor. The swelling in the elbow after fall is due to accumulation of fluid & blood, and it is called Hematoma. The blood cells accumulated are eventually broken down and absorbed in the body. But this is a slow process & takes times to disappear completely. Till that time, symptomatic relief is obtained by analgesics preparations (like paracetamol/ ibuprofen)+ serratiopeptidase, ice compression & adequate rest. If it still persists or there are any other associated symptoms like fever, loss of sensation, etc...then it will be better to consult your Doctor. Under such circumstances, a proper clinical+ radiological evaluation (X-ray of elbow joint) will be needed to rule out any bursitis or fracture. Till then, he should maintain adequate HY
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. In my opinion you should first consult cardiologist and get done 2D Echo to rule out worsening MS (Mitral Stenosis). As if progressive MS when reaches ate the stage of critical narrowing, the left atrial pressure will increase. This in turn causes back pressure in pulmonary veins. So pulmonary edema develops. Which causes breathlessness. So better to consult cardiologist and get done 2D Echo to rule out this. It is better to get done surgical repair of valvular repair. So discuss all these with your doctor and start treatment.
HI, and thank you for asking us on Chat Doctor! I read carefully the concerns and your husbands medical history. There are different opinions between doctors about how to be treated gallbladder stones. If they don't cause any problem, might not be necessary to be removed, and they can be followed by ultrasound regularly. But if they cause symptoms like pain, fever, vomits etc., which indicate for gallbladder infection, than the best choice is the surgery for removing the stones or the gallbladder too. I suggest you to do routine check-up to your treating doctor. Best regards Chat Doctor.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. First, no need to worry about heart diseases as a cause for your chest pain because your extensive cardiac work up is normal. In my opinion, you are mostly having HERD (gastroesophageal reflux disease) related symptoms. HERD is due to laxity of gastroesophageal sphincter. Because of this the acid of the stomach tends to come up in the esophagus and cause symptoms of intense chest pain. Only Chat Doctor.  1. Avoid hot and spicy food. Avoid junk food. 2. Avoid stress and tension, be relaxed and calm. 3. Avoid large meals, instead take frequent small meals. 4. Go for walking after meals. 5. Keep 2-3 pillows under head in bed to prevent reflux. Follow all these and you will mostly improve. Sometimes, musculoskeletal pain can also cause similar kind of pain. So avoid movements causing pain. Avoid bad postures in sleep. Take painkiller like ibuprofen. Apply warm water pad on affected areas. Don't worry, you will be alright. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.
Welcome to Chat Doctor .1. It looks like infection / inflammation of the hair follicles (carbuncle / fur uncle).2. Looks like you are getting frequent infections - You need to check a complete blood count for WBC levels.3. Depending on the size a small incision may be needed.4.Meanwhile a course of antibiotic may be enough to treat.5. Get an appointment and let the lesions get examined and treated accordingly. Hope it helps you. Wish you a good health. Anything to ask ? Do not hesitate. Thank you.
Hello! The nose bleed (medically termed epistaxis)cannot happen because of Pulmonary embolism per se. Embolism means there is clotting of blood in that blood vessel. While what your parent had experienced is bleeding (opposite of clotting) Since you have mentioned that he is on anticoagulant medications (blood thinners) it is possible that these Chat Doctor.  Also, it is possible that this nose bleed could have been initiated by some other cause and aggravated by the blood thinner medications.  In that case the underlying cause (maybe hypertension or trauma to nose or anything else relevant)needs to be looked for and treated. While on the way to physician, to reduce the nose bleed, ask your father to pinch his nose for few seconds and lean forwards, application of ice packs can help to constrict the leaking blood vessels and reduce bleed.  The doctor would do a nasal packing to control bleed. Get his blood pressure checked and INR testing done (accordingly the dose of anticoagulant needs to be adjusted)
Hello, Sorry to hear that our team in the medical was not able to help you out.  It would have been perfect if you had mentioned the details of the MRI reports as we could have understood something from it. If you have any issue with the intervertebral disc and nerve entrapment. Now since you are mentioning pain in the hip, thigh, leg and back, I would like to know if the pain symptom is radiating in nature?  Also, how is the back pain? Is the nature of the pain sharp shooting or dull aching. If dull aching then it will be related to muscle but if sharpshooting than it will be for nerve. Now coming to an analysis of you, you mentioned your age is 38, so we can look for some Degenerative changes in the lumbar spine.  Due to which there might be changes of back pain and nerve getting trapped. For this I will recommend you to try out the exercise for the core, back and lower limbs on both sides.  It is mandatory to do exercise in any back pains or radiating pains as due to pain there is a muscle weakness which gets build up over a period of time and once the muscles are weak there is instability of the spinal column. I wish you check for your blood glucose levels along with uric acid too, so we can have a differential diagnosis made to rule out the possibility because.  If you can still mention in detail about the MRI it will be really kind of you. In my clinical practice of over 12 years, many back cases associated with leg pain are doing well with conservative management. Like - exercise, physical therapy and yoga.  Outcome score is almost as desired to be. Please start the exercise, and you will get a difference in the overall physical well-being. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Jay In Chat Doctor.
Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, The incubation period in case of rabies is variable ranging from 3 weeks to 3 years. If you are scratched by a stray dog 3 days and following which you have developed generalized hives all over the body. These symptoms are not the signs and symptoms of the disease rabies. I would suggest you to take active immunization with antirabies vaccine on days 0, 3, 7, 14 and 28. Thank you.
Hello, I would explain that your symptoms could be related to a pinched nerve. For this reason, I recommend consulting with a neurologist for a physical exam and performing nerve conduction studies. An exercise cardiac stress test would help exclude possible coronary artery disease, although your symptoms are not suggestive of this disorder. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi, There are overlapping symptoms of recurrent sinus infections which can be a part of valley fever (fungal infection with coccidioidomycosis affecting lungs) or not. Specific attention to the tissue and organism evaluation with lab test of coccidioses antibodies, saliva and other fluids check-up for the same, lung biopsy, skin biopsy and X-ray with CT chest are further definite tools to proceed in this direction. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor, I understand your concern completely, and must appreciate that you are doing good work with evaluating him completely for the problem. Yes neurofibromatosis is possible here, and it can cause developmental delay. However, it's just a possibility and nothing is confirmed till complete evaluation Is done. So keep doing what's suppose to be done and hope for the best. Hope your child gets well soon. Take care.
Hello welcome to Chat Doctor. Thank you for posting your query. The symptoms you display are the most possible effects that occur after gall bladder removal. When there is no gall bladder to store bile produced by liver, the bile is directly delivered to the intestines causing frequent bowel movements. Bile helps in breakdown of fats. When there is no sufficient bile to digest fats after intake of fatty meal, diarrhea occurs along with nausea, indigestion. Hope I have answered your questions if you have further questions I will be happy to help.
Hello, This can be a cardiac arrhythmia like PSV or atrial fibrillation, in which heart rate suddenly goes up and also suddenly decreases. Blood pressure falls during these episodes and one has dizziness, fainting, blackouts, sometimes syncope. Usually ECG is normal as it is usually done in between the episodes. ECG done during episodes will show abnormality. You will need 24 hour holder monitoring. So visit nearby cardiologist for this investigation. Also, hemoglobin and thyroid test should be done. Ln order to abort such episodes you should try to cough hard. Is there any stress or anxiety associated, if yes this can be stress related as well. Till the time your evaluation is complete, you can ask your local doctor for tab collar LA 20 mg once a day. If none of the above is successful then last option is of electrophysiologist studies which is invasive test which can diagnose and treat the arrhythmia permanently in most of the cases.
Hi Dear, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Understanding your concern. As per your query you have fever with shivering since 30 days which is something you should be worried about. Possible causes for this fever are urinary tract infection, tuberculosis and viral infection. I would suggest you to visit general physician once and get complete urine culture examination done and apart from that get CBC, ESR, chest x-ray and sputum examination, tuberculin test done. Till then take antibiotic along with Ibuprofen and anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Since you had pneumonia, we should first rule out relapse of pneumonia as a cause for your chest pain. So first get done chest x-ray. If chest x-ray is improving than no need to worry about pneumonia. Post infectious bronchitis can cause similar kind of pain. So get done PFT (Pulmonary Function Test) for the diagnosis of bronchitis. Bucolic, expectorant and antioxidants Chat Doctor.  Inhaled bronchodilators and inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) are also needed. So better to first diagnose yourself, get done chest x-ray and PFT, than start appropriate treatment. Hope I have solved your query. Wish you good health. Thanks.
Hi. Thanks for posting query at Chat Doctor. Usually ALT or AST values higher than "two times the upper normal limit", is considered abnormal (in some countries, ALT or AST values of more than 100 are considered abnormal). Value of AST or ALT greater than 85 or above maybe investigated further. Viral hepatitis (HAD, HBV, HCV) are common cause of elevated liver enzymes. Typhoid fever may also affect liver and cause high liver enzymes. Advice :- abstinence from "Alcohol" - LOW fat diet should be followed, AVOID junk food and beverages-decreased oil consumption (oily food)- NO red meat-green vegetables should be ingested daily-use lemon juice (lemonade) once in a day-reduce weight if overweight/obese-"recheck liver enzymes after 6 to 8 weeks" and/or ultrasound. Any further questions are welcomed. Hope to answer your concern. Wish you good health. Regards, Chat Doctor.
Hi sorry for the condition of your brother. G B Pant is a superficiality hospital with good neurosurgery setup. The recovery of the patient depends on the extent of neurological damage to the brain. If it's an Extramural hematoma, evacuation of the same will lead to improvement .but other traumas like diffuse atonal injury, cervical spine injury, SDH, concussions have poor recovery and take very long time.private hospitals will provide almost the same treatment, but the care will be more personalised.in coma patients recovery is unpredictable and can take very long time which will lead us to another fact of affordability. Also shifting of a comatose patient will be associated with significant mortality. But all the big private hospitals like apollo, max, forts can provide required care for your brotherhood luck Chat Doctor.
Thanks for your query, I have gone through your query. The fever can be secondary to the sinus infection. Nothing to be panic, consult an ENT surgeon and get it evaluated. Meanwhile you can take a course of antibiotics like amoxicillin(if you are not allergic), antihistamine like cetirizine and antipyretic like paracetamol for the fever. Take steam inhalation. I hope I have answered your query, take care.
Hi, Thanks for writing in. Lumbar puncture involves placement of a needle in the space around the spinal cord to Chat Doctor.  Sometimes there is sudden decrease in pressure of the fluid after the test and this can cause dizziness and light headdress for a while. In most patients, this starts decreasing from the day following the lumbar puncture but in a few, the dizziness can last for a week to a month. This is especially felt when the patient stands up and there is change in position. Taking fluids and caffeine beverages can help many patients get back to normal. She needs to change from sitting to standing position slowly to avoid sudden change in posture.
Hello Sharp pain near belly button may be due to many causes like appendicitis, colitis etc. and Pain near sternum may be due to acidity etc. Your son may need clinical correlation and investigations. He may need routine hologram, stool RE/ME and ultrasound of abdomen. In ultrasound long, tubular,blind ended, aperistaltic structure may indicate appendicitis. Ultrasound is very helpful in excluding many causes. You should consult surgeon for proper evaluation. He may be prescribed antacids empirically. Proper treatment depend upon clinical findings and investigation reports. Get well soon. Take Care Chat Doctor.
Welcome to Chat Doctor Dear vitiligo is an autoimmune disorder, and it can be completely cured with Ayurvedic treatment, there are a number of herbs which act as immune-modulator and anti-oxidant as well, and there are herbs which are photo-sensitizers and induce melanin [color pigment] formation for detail follow this URL thread https://urldefense.com/v3/__http://www.boloji.com/index.cfm?md=Content&sd=Articles&ArticleID=8803__;!! Mih3wA!SBzm6_kI6hCZ58EPH6N_05MFfiPbxWXT0a2TJCdFQObRWm5mV5ur7hXuOkF-Zw$ Chat Doctor.
Dear Friend. Hi, I am Chat Doctor, I have read your query in detail, I understand your concern. Lactobacillus are probiotic, can be given to your mother. They are helpful bacteria not harmful. They are not going to aggravate yeast infection. However, giving it is not important this time. At present, she needs evaluation for her liver and kidney problems. Wish her a speedy recovery. This is my personal opinion based on details available here.  If you want to discuss your issues further, you may please ask stay Healthy. Chat Doctor, MD
Hello. Welcome to Chat Doctor. Your BP is slightly on the higher side but not an emergency situation. Blood pressure varies over different times of the day. So the above readings when though high, are acceptable. Please follow a salt restricted diet and continue taking your mediations. Regarding the chest discomfort you should get yourselves evaluated. I recommend an ECG and a stress test which records your ECG continually while you walk on a treadmill. This will help evaluate the presence of heart disease. Please do the above tests and revert. Wishing you good health. Regards.
Hey thanks for your faith in the Chat Doctor.I have gone through your question and understood your problem. The majority of men with varicocele remain fertile and asymptomatic. Varicocelectomy results in significantly improved semen parameters in 60% to 80% of men and pregnancy rates of 20% to 60%.it improves sperm motility and viscosity. Hope I have answered your query. If you like my answers and wish me to answer in the future, bring it to my attention
For Vasculitis, we would recommend a complete physical skin exam performed, wound care management, ultrasonography (ultrasound), lipid panel, echocardiography, hemoglobin A1c measurement (Hemoglobin a1c test) and other diagnostic procedures (interview, evaluation, consultation). These tests will help us better understand your condition and determine the best course of treatment.
Hi welcome to ChatDoctorIf your ultrasound and colonoscopy is normal. Do not worry. Also get upper GI endoscopy to rule out any gastric ulcers. Take antacids like tab. Omeprazole 20 mg once daily before breakfast. Avoid hot liquids and spicy foods.take3-4litres of water daily. Consult your doctor for expert management. Get genetic screening or APC gene mutation to know future risk of cancer by consulting your doctor. Thankyou
Hello, At your age thinning of cartilage is not a common condition. If you are having knee pain then most common reason at your age can be overweight and lack of exercise. You may start exercises, vitamin D deficiency can lead to knee pain but for osteoarthritis, it is not an established reason. You may do warm fomentation with water bag over your knee with exercises for at least 3 times a day. There are some supplements which can also be helpful like glucosamine, Chen Chat Doctor.  Take care. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi. Thanks for your query. Surely you should be concerned as per the history of pain in abdomen, bloating, gaining weight. You need to consult a Doctor to get a clinical evaluation, physical examination, investigations of ultrasonography, x-ray and CT scan along with the investigations of blood, urine and stool... The treatment will depend upon the reports of the clinical examination, and investigations.
Hello!, Would agree with you on the fact that considering your blood pressure values, there is no need to start with a lot of Chat Doctor.  For this reason, I would recommend starting just with Metoprolol and Losartan and see if your blood pressure will normalize after a week.  If after a week your blood pressure values are still high, I would recommend adding amlodipine 5 mg to your therapy and increase the dose up to 10 mg after a week, if high blood pressure values still persist.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care
Hi. Welcome to Chat Doctor. I read your query. In tongue there are naturally larger taste buds at the back of tongue as compared to front. Also, there is lingual papillae As you mentioned you have an infection, chances are it could be an enlarged taste bud or papillae due to infection, medication or some allergy. It can also be an ulcer. Normally This happens with fever and infection and regress on their own. I suggest you to check if it is discolored, enlarge or have uneven borders, then get it checked. Else you can wait for healing up of your infection. Take your prescribed medications. Take multivitamin tablet one per day. Maintain God oral hygiene. If warm water is tolerated, do warm saline rinses. Maintain good diet and HY Chat Doctor.  If it burns while eating, you can apply oral anesthetic gel 5 min before eating. Hope the answer helps you. Thank you!
Hello, Since you have been prescribed Obi met SR, you have type 2 DM for which you have been given this medicine. (you have not mentioned here that you have diabetes).  Ova care & Rural HR are commonly given to women who are trying to conceive. These are given to support ovarian function & restore the menstrual cycle by correcting anemia. Yes, all the medicines have side effects so take medicines cautiously and as advised. You may experience side effects like nausea, vomiting, headache, dizziness, rash, etc. If you get uncomfortable you should report to the treating doctor immediately. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor.
Hi ! Good evening. I am Chat Doctor answering your query. Even though it is too early, a urine pregnancy test could be very much deceptive being false negative many a time. If I were her doctor, I would advise her for a serum Chat Doctor estimation which could be a more reliable test to confirm a pregnancy. Further management would depend on the investigation reports. I hope this information would help you in discussing with your family physician/treating doctor in further management of your problem. Please do not hesitate to ask in case of any further doubts. Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor to clear doubts on your health problems. I wish you an early recovery. Chat Doctor.
Dear-thanks for using Chat Doctor. I understand your concern. Your back pain could be secondary to spinal stenosis, herniated disc or muscle spasm. The heaviness in your head might be related to the same problem. The lack of sleep aggravates this situation because your muscles become more tense and your pain is worse. I recommend you to start relaxation techniques to improve your stress and sleep better. Clonazepam will help if you relax. Try yoga and a healthy diet too. If still with this problem you might need to see your doctor for an evaluation with a neck and back X-ray. I hope that my advice will be helpful Chat Doctor.
Hello have gone through your question and understand your concern. Food allergies can give hard time, but there is always a substitute. The imitation crab meat available in the market including other imitation meats are loaded with chemicals and at least 2% of real meat which can evoke allergic reaction. Try using hard-boiled egg white, king oyster mushroom, Shitake mushroom and Japanese eggplant instead of shell fish. There are various newer methods to treat the hypo-pigmented scars but if only for cosmetic purpose the easiest and cheapest way to deal with the scars is camouflage. Use cosmetics or artificial tan for the purpose or consult a dermatologist for further examination and treatment. Thank you.
Thanks to Chat Doctor I can understand your daughter problem according to your narration she may have congenital disorder problem with kidneys please undergo once ultrasonography abdomen or pub, renal function tests antibiotics will cure the bladder infection, but blood in urine is the focus point, so have ultrasound once blood in urine due to kidney infection or bladder infection or stones also ,tumors ,so don't go through all these . I hope in ultrasound diagnosis will come then use antibiotics and antispasmodics for 10 days it will subside ,ok
If you or your child has an earache that is often accompanied by a stuffy or runny nose and a sore throat and fever, it is likely that the ear pain is due to an ear infection. Medicine for Ear Infections To ease the pain of an ear infection, your doctor may recommend a pain reliever, typically acetaminophen or ibuprofen, which also helps reduce a fever. Aspirin should be avoided in child Chat Doctor.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Your occupation has no direct connection with your symptoms. You are having sedentary lifestyle (prolonged sitting). And sedentary lifestyle can cause heart diseases, Heart diseases can cause chest pain, pressure and tightness. So better to get done ECG and 2d echo. If both are normal then no need to worry about heart diseases. Sometimes gastritis and HERD (gastroesophageal reflux disease) can cause similar symptoms. So avoid prolonged sitting. Walk or change your position after some time (1-2 hours). Start proton pump inhibitors. Avoid stress and tension. Avoid hot and spicy food. Don't worry, you will be alright. But first rule out heart diseases. Hope I have solved your query. Wish you good health. Thanks.
Welcome to Chat Doctor .1. Neck is a very complicated anatomy. 2. Depending on the area where it is located.3. It can be thyroid cyst/lymph node cystic mass/submandibular/parathyroid.4. Howevere you are saying its resolving - monitor for few days and if It's still persists.5. Get an appointment and get an ultrasound neck done to rule out and get definitive diagnose. Anything to ask ? Do not hesitate. Thank you.
Hi thanks for asking question. You have taken full course of antituberculous treatment for 9 months. If you have decreasing symptoms and condition not deteriorating then no need for confirmation of tuberculosis. You have not mentioned the site of tuberculosis. If you have genital TB and still not conceiving then confirmation for negative test done. Mantoux test is not for diagnosis of tuberculosis. It is tested for detection hypersensitivity to tuberculous antigen. I hope you understand my concern. Wish you good health. Chat Doctor.
Based on your symptoms, I suspect you might have lead poisoning. Have you been in contact with lead or lead-based products recently?
Hello Eddy, I am sorry to hear about the discomfort you are suffering from. The sharp pain from which you are suffering is probably due to irritation of a digital nerve. You should definitely visit a hand surgeon if the symptoms remain the same as there maybe a neuroma or compression of ulnar or median nerve. In case of compression they will perform a decompression surgery or in case of neuroma they will excise it under local anesthesia.
Hi, Pari-CR is a selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitor commonly prescribed to treat various mental disorders such as depression, obsessive compulsive disorder, anxiety, post-traumatic stress disorder and premenstrual dysphoric disorder. Its common side effects include dizziness, blurring of the vision, irregular heart beats, tremors, sleep disturbances and sexual disturbance. Amount is an anti-psychotic prescribed to treat schizophrenia. Its common side effects include excessive sweating, abnormal movements, gait disturbances, tremors, weight gain, menstrual irregularities, and sexual disturbances. These two medicines act by altering certain chemical substances in the brain. Vibrant is a combination of multivitamins and essential trace elements commonly prescribed to their deficiency states include painful conditions like neuropathy and fibromyalgia. Its common side effects include nausea, heartburn, vomiting, or allergic reactions. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. In my opinion you should get done holder monitoring. Holder monitoring is continuous recording of ECG throughout the day (24 hours recording). So that exact event see can see. You may have arrhythmia.  And holder monitoring is the best tool for evaluation of it. If this is normal than you should go for coronary angiography to rule out coronary artery disease. So better to consult cardiologist and discuss all these.
Hi there.  Thanks for your question at Chat Doctor. Her MRI findings suggest that one of the discs is bulging. But her management will depend on her pain distribution, severity, duration and response to treatment like medicines and physiotherapy.  It is also important to know whether she has only back pain or back pan with pain radiating to legs or buttocks. Scenario 1: if her pain is only in the back with no leg pain or numbness, it is best to wait and watch. She will get better with medicines, corr stabilization back exercises, physiotherapy modalities like ultrasonic massage and microwave diathermy. (if she has no contraindications. Surgery is very seldom indicated in only back pain. Scenario 2: She has back pained with radiation to legs.  Same protocol of medicines and physiotherapy to be followed for 6 to 8 weeks. If she does not improve next step would be steroid injection in her back(2 to 3 shots over 2 to 3 months. If still no improvement final step in management ladder would be surgery.  In both the scenarios urgent surgery required if she develops weakness in legs, significant numbness, unrelenting severe pain, urine or stool passing problems. Hope this helps you. All the best.  Regards.  Chat Doctor.
Hi, Thank you for asking question on Chat Doctor. It is definitely a matter of concern if the child do not pass urine for 12-24 hours. AS the child is sleeping probably there is no distension of bladder. You can safely wait till tomorrow. Kidney damage will occur if there is no urination for more than 24- 48 hours, inspire of Chat Doctor. First there is distension of bladder and back pressure leading damage to kidney. Hope this answer will serve your purposeless feel free to ask any more queries if requiredTake care
Hi...dear sushi., Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor., White heads problem is due to ., Hormonal imbalance., use... Clidamycin and Darlene combination.,cream 2 times daily., There is no fairness cream...if there, only temporary give., good result., so don't use it., use Morning times ...SUNSCREEN LOTION... Suncote (Cu ratio).,Uncross(Reddy lab)., Lover SPF 50 (Grace well)., Uvagurd(Milford)., Night times use It E and Moisturizing cream., thanQ
It seems you are suffering from Trigger Finger, which is a finger disorder.
Hi Sir/Mam, I can understand your children problem. When ever a tooth decay develops sensitivity, it means the decay has entered second layer of the tooth. When there is pain or swelling in relation to decay tooth it means it has entered third layer of tooth which has nerves and blood vessels. Once the decay enters the third layer, root canal treatment(in adults) or lumpectomy is the permanent solution. But since your child had bad experience with the previous appointment. You can wait for one more month taking medications. If again pain and swelling develops you can proceed with root canal treatment. Hope your query is answered. For further queries please don't hesitate to contact me.
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor, An aspiration cytology of the lump should be done to assess the nature of the lump on the forehead. In aspiration cytology, the cells are sampled, spread on slide and stained with appropriate stains and studied microscopically. This investigation will determine whether the lesion is some tumor or a cyst. Further treatment will be planned after exact diagnosis is made. Any lump on the body should be excised. Thanks and take care Chat Doctor.
Based on your symptoms, it appears you may have a peritonsillar abscess. I am prescribing you clindamycin and augmentin to help clear the infection, dexamethasone to help with inflammation, and chlorhexidine topical to rinse your mouth to help reduce bacteria. Also, I am giving you saccharomyces boulardii lyo to help restore the balance of good bacteria in your gut, and lipase to improve your digestion since you may have difficulty eating. Additionally, benzocaine topical can provide temporary pain relief, while oxaprozin can help with general pain and inflammation. If you experience any allergies or itching, take chlorpheniramine. Finally, I recommend taking cefaclor to prevent any future infections. Does that answer your questions?
Hi, I welcome you to Chat Doctor VIRTUAL CLINIC. I have gone through your question, and I think I have understood your concern. If you are late for your demo injection it can sometimes cause spotting as lining of the womb starts shedding out due to reduced levels of the Chat Doctor.  You need to use condom as an alternative contraceptive method till you get your fresh demo injection. If spotting is worry some Tab Pause MF 3 times a day for 3 days will be of help. I hope this answer helps you. Thanks
It sounds like you might have erythema multiforme. I'll prescribe diphenhydramine, prednisolone, hydroxyzine, reserpine, mineral oil, selenium sulfide topical, hydralazine, clotrimazole topical, labetalol, erythromycin, and acyclovir for you to take to treat this condition.
Welcome to Chat Doctor .1. Yes, You need to see your doctor. As the present condition might need a course of antibiotic course or depending on the size and condition of lump a small incision and Chat Doctor. 2. The possibilities are inception of the hair follicles (carbuncles / fur uncles) and superficial rashes could be due to the underlying infection.3. Recommendations - avoid shaving for some time, use trimming it will help in healing process.4. Try to keep the area
Hi, can understand your concerns. Underarm Rash can be due to many causes like fungal infection, allergic Rash, underarm sweat Rash, early signs of HIV infection, Contact dermatitis or worm infection. I suggest you to do HIV test of child. There are some home remedies which you can follow like we are loose clothes, apply ice packs to reduce itching, apply vitamin E oil on aloe vera oil, increase vitamin C intake to reduce skin infection, swipe slice of lemon under your armpit to help kill bacteria. I hope this will help you. Take care.
Your history is incomplete. You haven't mentioned the treatment she received after surgery. Any radiation was given? Since you sad it was high grade, she would definitely require radiotherapy after surgery. If she had radiotherapy, radiation changes can sometimes cause spotting. If no radiation has been done, it must be either granulation tissue bleeding (not cancer) of some local growth. Biopsy would give final answer. Since treatment was given very recently, very unlikely cancer coming back. Other causes might be the reason for bleed
Hi, Your blood lipid profile is normal, so it does not indicate dyslipidemia and thus there is no need for any treatment or diet.  Regarding these blood pressure spikes, you should know that they could be related to anxiety, caffeine intake or physical activity.  But if these blood pressure values become persistent, I would recommend performing some further tests to investigate for possible metabolic causes underlying high blood pressure and also start antihypertensive therapy.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi, Thank you for providing the brief history of you. A thorough neuromuscular assessment is advised. As you met and accident and had surgery, what was done has not been mentioned, and it would have been good if you had mention it. Well, the tremor is a neurological symptom and for which a thorough neuromuscular assessment is advised. Also, with simple medication and physical therapy your symptoms can be controlled. Performing regular exercises post learning from a therapist, will help on a longer run. RegardsJay In Chat Doctor.
Hi, There should be nothing to worry about, just wait for your period and if you miss it go for a pregnancy test with a fresh early morning sample of urine, 3-7 days after the missed period. If pregnancy is confirmed, it could be an implantation bleed; if not, it is the premenstrual spotting. If you wish for an earlier confirmation, you can get serum beta-ChatDoctor assay as it is more sensitive and specific. Hope this helps.
Hello Mrs, Welcome to Chat Doctor. I understand your concern. Due to the vaccination you did, you are unlikely to contract it. Varicella (chicken pox) vaccine is 70% to 90% effective for preventing varicella and more than 95% effective for preventing severe varicella. I recommend that your husband gets vaccinated too, because it is recommended for all adolescents and adults who have not been vaccinated and have not had chickenpox. Hope I have answered your question. If you have any further questions I will be happy to help
Hello, I don't think that your problems now have to do with blocked stents because if they block they have a Chat Doctor.  The stents may be narrowed and these can be seen by examinations like stress test (indirect, with changes seen while in stress) and coronary or aorta angiography. I suggest you to do a check-up to the doctor with some routine blood tests and if possible a cardiac sonography and a stress test. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. All the best!
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Calcified lesion on chest x-ray suggests old, healed, scarred lesion from previous lung insult (infection or trauma). So at present, no need to worry about active lung lesion. But to prove that this lesion is inactive especially for immigration purpose, you need to consult pulmonologist and get done 1.  CT thorax with Contrast 2. Bronchoscopy and BAD (bronchoalveolar lavage) analysis. If both these are negative for active infection, you can argue with immigration authority about not having active lesion and this lesion is old, calcified lesion. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.
Hello Gordon! Welcome and thank you for asking on Chat Doctor! Regarding your concern, I would explain that these blood pressure and heart rate fluctuations could be related to the cold and inflammation. Painkillers can also raise blood pressure values. Plavix does not have any effects on blood pressure or heart rate. Anyway, the situation does not seem to be really concerning. Regarding tachycardia, I would recommend taking a beta blocker. If after the cold, your blood pressure values still remain high, I would recommend increasing the doses of your antihypertensive Chat Doctor.  Some tips would help lower blood pressure naturally: - reduce salt and caffeine intake-lose some pounds if you are overweight-perform a lot of physical activity. Hope you will find this answer helpful! Wishing good health,
Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Closed is ovulation inducing Chat Doctor.  But many people with PCs sometimes won't respond to closed. This is common. So next step would be combining closed with FSH injection. Phaeton helps endometrium to prepare for pregnancy.  If pregnancy doesn't happen then period comes. If pregnancy occur then duphastone prevent early abortion. Though you ovulate if sperm cant meet the egg fertilization won't occur.  I would advise you to get your husband semen analysis.  If it is normal along with closed and FSH go for GUI. Yes GUI increase chances of pregnancy as here sperms are washed and placed in uterus. I suggest you to reduce weight as that help in ovulation a lot . Hope I have been helpful. Regards
Hello Emily, Thank you for posting on Chat Doctor. Whiteheads are basically a type of acne. Any cosmetics or medication can block the pores and cause acne. Especially sunscreen are notorious to cause acne because they are oil based most of the time. Try using water-based sunscreen as they have the least chances of causing acne.Also, on daily basis use a retinoid like retinoid in lower percentage like 0.25 at nighttime over full face to prevent new eruption of acne and for healthy glowing skin. Use a gentle cleanser for oily skin like detail OS on regular basis. Chat Doctor.  Hope this will take care of your issue. Wish you best of health. Thank you
Hello! Welcome to Chat Doctor. Pain in the area above center as mentioned by you suggests acidity. Increase in acid secretion in stomach can be due to various reasons like consumption of hot/spicy food, late night meals, excessive stress, alcohol, non-vegetarian diet etc. So, the advice is to avoid these things. Consult your doctor for medicines like omeprazole, spy. Sucralfate. Hope this information is useful to you. Wish you a good health. Thanks. Regards.
Hi, Thank you for posting your query. I would require detailed report of your MRI/CT scan to give a detailed opinion. However, at this point, I would like to point out that calcification in the brain usually denotes an old or inactive problem. This could be due to old injury or infection. In some cases, calcification could be due to metabolic or hormonal disturbances including calcium, parathormone, thyroid, etc. Please get back with the detailed MRI report for more information. Best wishes, Chat Doctor.
Hi thanks for contacting Chat Doctor .... Noted you had Bag positive.... After six months it was negative means you had free from disease... You have developed protective antibody that gives protection for long duration esp. Many years also sometimes.... But still now onwards try to avoid Bag infection....... You can do your anti HBS antibody title .... If it is more than 10 than it is protective. Happy to help further if you have further queried. Take care. Regards; Chat Doctor.
HelloThanks for writing to ChatDoctorGliosis with encephalomalacia in brain is an irreversible condition and it doesn't require any specific treatment. High signal intensities in white matter of brain may be related to ischemic changes resulting from involvement of small blood vessels, demyelination, gliosis etc. Ischemic changes resulting from blood vessels changes in diseases like hypertension, diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia. So, you need monitoring of conditions that leads to ischemic changes like hypertension, altered lipid profile, diabetes mellitus so that further progression of disease can be halted. You need investigations like routine hologram, RBS,LFT, RFT, Lipid profile, ultrasound of abdomen. Proper treatment depend upon findings. Hope I have answered your query. Take Care Chat Doctor.
HiT hanks for asking. Thalassemia minor is a congenital disorder characterized by defective hemoglobin synthesis.it is considered minor if only one chain is effected and is considered major if two or more chains which make the hemoglobin are lacking. All your symptoms are probably related to the low hemoglobin level associated with this disease, for which nothing else, but blood transfusion is the answer. Wait for your electrophoresis result and if it shows minor, you need to correct your He levels to get the relief. Thanks.
His understand you concern. I had gone through your questions and I guess you need antidepressant to control anxiety and depression. Besides antidepressant hormonal replacement therapy can beneficial in post menopausal symptoms. Antidepressant like sertraline and Escitalopram has very less side effect and very useful to treat it. Start from mild dose and increases gradually as needed. Do exercise regularly. Keep your self busy and doing household work. Proper sleep and diet can helpful. I hope I have answered your query. Still have a query then feel free to ask. Thank you.
The first problem sounds like a congestive cardiac failure. Now where the EKG is normal, the possibility is that the echocardiography may show some changes. So I will suggest an echocardiography.2. Pressure sores and redness are common, one need not worry too much about it. However, if you can upload an image of the lesion, we can help you better by looking at the lesion3. Spine pain and trauma may often cause similar symptoms. I will suggest the test of MRI of the affected part of the spine. Let us know the reports, so we can help you further Best of luck Chat Doctor.
HI, I understand your question. Pregnancy signs are due to raised pregnancy hormone in blood. some of the signs you have narrated can be seen in some patients as sign of early pregnancy .  But earliest sign is delayed period, nausea, vomiting, giddiness, lack of appetite, psychological stress/ breast signs and more. . And confirmation of pregnancy is either pregnancy test / USG at 5 weeks of pregnancy.  Thanks.
Hi Nikita, Welcome to Chat Doctor Forum. You have had sex on the 21st day of your Cycle. The best fertile Period to have Unprotected sex to be able to conceive is between the 10th and 20th day of your Cycle. You will have chances to conceive but very less. Wait for your next periods, if you happen to miss them, get a Urine Pregnancy Test done using an early morning Urine sample after a week of missing your Periods. If you get your Periods, have alternate day Unprotected sex between the 10th and 20th day of your Cycle. Good Luck.
Hello, Thanks for writing in. Free fluid in pelvis can mean many things.1. Little amount of fluid can be normal in females.2. Fluid can result from any infection in the bowel.3. Fluid in abdomen can also be due to serious conditions.4. Trauma to abdomen can lead to fluid.5. In diseases of liver, kidney and heart fluid accumulates in abdomen. Please get yourself examined properly by internal medicine specialist.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Yes, you should definitely consult doctor and rule out heart diseases. Left sided chest pain with left arm pain are commonly seen with heart diseases. So get done blood pressure monitoring, ECG and 2d echo. If all these are normal then no need to worry about heart diseases. Sometimes musculoskeletal pain can cause similar symptoms. So take painkiller and muscle relaxant Chat Doctor.  Apply warm water pad on affected areas. Avoid movements causing pain. Don't worry, you will be alright with all these but first rule out heart diseases. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.
HI, Welcome with your query to Chat Doctor. Based on the facts of your query, going by the painless 20 yrs old movable lump in testes, I don't have any reason for you to think it as cancer.Don't worry about the cancer of the testes being the cause of the ?enlarged breast/chest, for which You should check with your doctor. It could be only obesity effect and nothing else, for your age, In my opinion. I would suggest Second Opinion from Surgeon, who would after proper diagnosis could treat according to its cause. Hope you got the answer for your query. Hope this would help you. Welcome for any further query in this regard Will appreciate writing your feedback review comments, to help the needy patients like you at Chat Doctor. Good Day!! Chat Doctor. S. Genl-CVTS
Hi ! Good morning. I am Chat Doctor answering your query. If I were your doctor, I would advise you for a serum Chat Doctor test and an ultrasound of the abdomen to rule out a missed pregnancy or any adnexal pathology like an endometriosis which could give rise to pain during periods. I would not hesitate to refer to a gynecologist if need be. Till then, you could go for an anti-inflammatory Chat Doctor. I hope this information would help you in discussing with your family physician/treating doctor in further management of your problem. Please do not hesitate to ask in case of any further doubts. Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor to clear doubts on your health problems. I wish you an early recovery. Chat Doctor.
Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor. It seems that you are having problem with urinary system. Either it could be urine infection or stone disease. Go to your doctor, you may need and urine examination and ultrasound for confirmation of diagnosis. Other possibilities like appendicitis and some other infection can also be ruled out by ultrasound. Take antispasmodic for pain, and you can try applying local pain cream for relief. Also measure your temperature which can guide towards infection.
Dear Madams you have mentioned that there is obstruction in your CBD, I assume that you have done blood investigation and USG/CT/MRCP to diagnose cause of CBD obstruction. If you have not done any, then you should do evaluation for the same and undergo treatment as per the disease. Right side abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting can occur due to CBD obstruction. But as you have mentioned that you have other medical issues as well, I would suggest you to undergo cardiac evaluation for tiredness, which is unlikely in CBD obstruction. Regards Chat Doctor.
Hello, I passed carefully through your question and would explain that anxiety can trigger this entire clinical situation, by leading to hyperventilation. Anyway, I would also recommend performing some further tests to investigate for other possible causes that may lead to this clinical scenario:- Complete Blood Count for anemia- PCR, ESR for inflammation- A chest x-ray study and pulmonary function tests to exclude a lung disorder- A resting ECG-Blood electrolytes for any possible imbalance should discuss with your physician on the above-mentioned tests. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi & Welcome. I can understand your concern. Incomplete data ? Gender. Tuberculosis of the lymph node does not affect the marital relationship. However, the anti TB medications like Pyrazinamide & Streptomycin are not safe during pregnancy as they are known to cause harmful effects (spina bifida by Pyrazinamide & neonatal or congenital deafness by Streptomycin) on the growing fetus (unborn child). Hence, they are contraindicated during pregnancy. Hope this answers your query.
Hello, I understand your concern. I am Chat Doctor, infectious diseases specialist, answering your query. In my opinion you should take erythromycin for atypical infection. Cephalosporins like refactor won't affect cytoplasm. Protein inhibitor like erythromycin will be effective for cytoplasm. Doxycycline is alternative of the erythromycin. You should also search for source of infections, like cytoplasm has air conditioner as a reservoir. I will be happy to answer your further concern, you can ask me on bit.ly/ Chat Doctor.  Thank you. ChatDoctorInfectious diseases specialist.
Hi Friend ... Welcome to Chat Doctor I will help you to know more information about what to do and what to avoid recovering health to normal. Reduce your activity level to match your energy level and slow down when you are tired.Don't go to work unless your workload can be reduced to match your energy level. Avoid strenuous exercise. As you start to feel better, go back to your regular activities gradually. If you try to meet your regular pace too soon, you may get sick again. It is important to eat well, Nausea and loss of appetite become worse as the day goes on. Try eating a substantial (but not heavy) meal in the morning and lighter meals later in the day. I recommend a high-calorie, protein-rich diet to people who have hepatitis. And such foods can be hard to eat when you feel nauseated. Try to have a balanced diet while eating foods that appeal to you. Avoid being deny Chat Doctor. Acetaminophen can make liver disease worse, especially if you continue to
Hi, thanks for writing to Chat Doctor. The initial management of cervical disc disease is always by conservative management (non-surgical methods) and includes the following -Soft Collar: Soft collar allow the muscles of the neck to rest and limit neck motion. This can help decrease pinching of nerve roots with movement. Soft collars should only be worn for short periods of time, because long-term wear can decrease the strength of neck muscles. Medicines: Analgesic are needed in the acute phase. Muscle relaxants are essential for relieving muscle spasms once the acute pain subsides. Neurotrophic vitamins like METHYLCOBALAMINE (activated It B12) or PREGABALIN will help in alleviating the neuropathic pain. Cervical traction: may enlarge the disc space, permitting the prolapse to subside. Intermittent cervical traction for not more than 30 minutes at a time. Physiotherapy: Once the acute phase of pain has subsided, Isometric strengthening exercises of the paravertebral muscles are started. Improving neck strength and flexibility with simple exercises may lessen discomfort and pain. Moist heat can be usefulEpidural steroids: are useful for patients with severe articular pains in the limbs. Cortisone is a powerful anti-inflammatory preparation and so its injections in the "epidural space" can decrease swelling as well as pain. If your symptoms are not resolving with the above measures, consult an orthopedic surgeon for further management. Hope this information is helpful. Good day
Dear patient Back pain with UTI may be due to pelvic inflammatory disease which is inflammation of pelvic organs. But since u out have pain going into both legs' possibility of disc prolapse or canal stenosis is more likely and seems a different condition from UTI.  Are there any difficulties in walking or tingling and numbness in both the legs? If yes then it also points towards canal stenosis.  You need to be investigated with MRI of lumbosacral spine with screening of whole spine as it gives detail information of discs, nerves and even bone. Visit radiology center nearby you and get it done. Visit spine surgeon with report.  Meanwhile, start tab diclofenac plus thiocolchicoside combination twice a day for pain relief plus tab vita B12 plus pregabalin 75 mg at bedtime for 10 days.  Also get examined and search for the cause of recurrent UTI.
Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor forum.  As you describe it appears to be the nerve pinching due to the surrounding tissue fibrosis, and narrowing of the bone openings.  I advise you to consult a neurologist for diagnosis and treatment.  I usually prescribe to my patient with such symptoms neurotrophic injections for 10 consecutive days, and then periodically.  Ofloxacin, diclofenac sodium, and paracetamol.  Wishing for a quick and complete recovery. Thank you.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. By your history and description, possibility of musculoskeletal pain is more. And no need to panic at all. This pain is mostly due to bad postures during sleep. So first be relaxed and calm. Avoid stress and tension. Avoid heavyweight lifting and strenuous exercise. Avoid movements causing pain. Avoid bad postures during sleep. Start painkiller and muscle relaxant Chat Doctor.  Since, these are prescribed medicines, you need to consult doctor for them. Don't worry, you will be alright. Hope I have solved your query. Wish you good health. Thanks.
To regularize your menstrual cycle. U should follow healthy food lifestyle. Avoid junk foods, stress,caffeinated Chat Doctor.  Add Brad DAL in your daily food pattern. Use steam oil in your food. Ayurvedic medicine:Take ASHOKA ARISTA- 20ML WITH 60ML OF WATER - TWICE A TIME. It will regularize your cycle.advise to do yoga - it benefits a lot if u follow the above advise u will get your cycle regularly and get pregnant. Thank u
Dear madam, hyperplasia of right hepatic lobe is a rare anomaly that is sometimes associated with ectopy of gall bladder, but it is usually asymptomatic. This anomaly shout raise his SGPT levels or any liver enzymes. You should try to find some other reason for it such as alcohol, viral or autoimmune hepatitis or metabolic diseases. CT and US can visualize liver morphology but to be sure he needs to do liver biopsy to rule out other disorders. Secondly, he shouldn't be worried about this SGPT if he doesn't have any symptoms so I suggest you just to do frequent lab tests and avoid food/alcohol which damage liver. Wish you good health
HelloHepatomegaly may be due to many reasons like hepatitis, alcohol intake, metabolic disorder, obesity,medicines,autoimmune causes etc. Sludge in gall bladder may be due to many cause like prolong fasting, strict dieting etc. Sludge in gall bladder may cause calculus formation. Enlarged liver is generally a reversible condition.It is often reverses with treatment of underlying cause. Elevated WBC count may indicate infection. You may need clinical correlation and antibiotics. Get well soon. Take Care Chat Doctor.
Hi Dear, Understanding your concern. As per your query you have symptoms of hair fall which can occur due to many reasons such as compromised immunity of body, stress, systemic conditions, improper hygiene, fungal infection and hormonal changes. Need not worry. I would suggest you to - Avoid using shampoos that contain excessive chemicals. - Avoid covering your hairs with cap/hat or longer duration.- Take diet rich in supplements like vitamin A, Omega-3 and vitamin E.- Take protein rich diet and healthy food intake on daily basis. - Do massage of hair scalp on daily basis. If symptoms keeps on persisting visit dermatologist once and get it examined and start treatment with antifungal medication and shampoo. You should use olive for massage. Hope your concern has been resolved. Best Wishes,
HelloThanks for query. You have Forces spots over scrotal sac, The scrotal skin is rich in sebaceous glands and hence prone to get more sebaceous cyst due to accumulation of sebum beneath the skin. Normally they fade away without treatment however they need to be treated if increase in size or get infected. Please consult qualified General Surgeon for clinical evaluation and further treatment. If needed some of them which are bigger may need to get excised in Toto (Completely along with the sac) Chat Doctor.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. Pulmonary embolism without DVT (Deep venous thrombosis) is less likely due to malignancy. So no need to worry much for malignancy as a cause. There are other causes like1. Connective tissue diseases2. Storage diseases3. Primary pulmonary hypertension. 4. Protein C deficiency. 5. Protein S deficiency. 6. Hypervitaminosis k.7. HIV infection etc. So better to rule out these causes first.
Hello, you said you have partial root canal in March, still not completed because of infection........ but you did not tell that is this infection is persisting since March?????????you told that you have red and swollen gums and an ulcer over that area which is an indication of sinus formation in that area.....but please do not get worried about sinus formation, it will help in Chat Doctor. .......but since March it is such a long time for infection, so please go for proper antibiotic course and complete your root canal sittings.......for your migraine pain according to me, it may be normal, but please get your physician advise........ one more thing get the complete oral examination done.....this pain on the opposite side may be infection on that side.............take care
Hifirst of all...what's your question.?? Considering that your question is regarding the options available for a 13 yrs old with renal failure...now, by kidney failure...I would assume that the patient is on dialysis....if so, then there are two options.....either to be on lifelong hemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis and the other option is to get a kidney transplant, which can be procured from either a near family member (e.g. mother, father, brother, sister) of from a brain-dead kidney donor(known as cadaver donor). Kindly consult your nephrologist for minute details of each of the modalities....
Hello, thanks for trusting Chat Doctor doctors for your health related queries.I guess your concern is-are u at present pregnant or not???right???actually to pinpoint n say u r not 100% pregnant is difficult CZ u haven't taken pills properly.....but don't worry every problem has a solution...I will try to help u in short way can try out my suggestions:1.have patience,wait for another 3-4days for menses to occur. If menses happen you are not pregnant,2.if menses doesn't happen after 3-4days/or you're in very much hurry to get rid of tensionfull mind-am i pregnant....u do urinary pregnancy test.this test kit is avail bl at affordable prices in your nearby medical stores...buy it, do it by ourself. If its negative you are not pregnant,,,if positive visit a nearby gynecologist for further help3.if still u in dilemma of pregnancy then a scan(ultrasound of abdomen n pelvis)can be done, in scan its possible to see an embryo/baby is there or not...but NOT NECESSARY DEAR...RELAX....4.when a husband/wife are meeting after a long time of gap then it's better to use condoms...whiz d logic behind I will explain.let's say u people meet up once in 15 days, so max 2 times in a month u do sex/coitus.to avoid pregnancy for this two times in month meeting you are on medicines for almost 28 days...of course result of medicine-u won't b pregnant but u will b exposed more no of days for side effects of medicines....I hope u understood...so usually Jen husband/wife meet up occasionally as they live at long distances...we advise condoms. Condom has result(prevents pregnancy)but has no side effects.whereas medicines had result along with side effect.some husband/guys say we don't feel exact natural sensation, so we can't use it....n some say we used condom, but as we did zhabardhassttt sex condom ruptured!!!!!!!for this also solution is there, its i-pill.available at your medical stores at affordable prices....if you are taking I pill, then lets say u meet your husband/bf once in 15days.so in a month u take only two I pills.....so not exposed to many side effects...u agree with me madam????I hope this was informative enough, helpful,useful for your query.regards- Chat Doctor. (having regular healthy sex lifestyle Bowen couples is very good and advisable too...but a small presence of mind, u can use condom n can make girl free of medicine side effect n boy from being in psychological tension whether his GF has become pregnant)
Hello, The symptoms seem to be related to colonial cyst. Colonial disease is a type of skin infection which typically occurs as a cyst between the cheeks of the buttocks and often at the upper end. Symptoms may include pain, swelling, and redness. I suggest using painkillers such as Ibuprofen to relieve the pain. I also suggest using warm compresses to help the Chat Doctor.  You should keep the area clean and
Considering the symptoms narrated by you & other co-morbid conditions such as high age & type 2 diabetes it is advisable not to neglect the wound. As exact opinion regarding the wound care can be given only after the visual impression of wound, it is advisable to have a physician visit who will promo you regarding the further management whether you need oral antibiotics, Chat Doctor. The clear & yellowish discharge (which might be pus) coming out of the wound on the elbow may be indicative of infection within for which you might need to have oral antibiotics. Further more as there is no any information about your diabetic control its better not to take the chances and have consultation which will clarify picture.Also, you may need to have tetanus toxic shot if not taken in previous couple of years.
Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor .com I am Chat Doctor. Mariano Into Bruno Mascaras. I have gone through your query with diligence and would like you to know that I am here to help you. Fusion of C4 and C5 is done (that is fusion of fourth bone and fifth bone in your neck) and Fusion of L4 and L5 (fourth and fifth bone of your lower spine) too is common have not seen someone with Fusion of disk. Can you please specify whether the Vertebral Bodies have been fused or whether the disc has been fused? If it is fusion of together it can be commonly due to injuries or infections or degenerative diseases If you need any clarification / have doubts / have additional questions / have follow-up questions, then please do not hesitate in asking again. I will be happy to answer your questions. In the future, for continuity of care, I encourage you to contact me directly in Chat Doctor at http://bit.ly/ask
HiT hanks for posting your query.  Your daughter is having upper respiratory tract infection. It might have been due to bacterial infection of throat that's the reason your doctor started on augmenting.  But the response to augmenting seems less in your daughter. If I was her doctor I would have done a throat swab culture sensitivity test and started on azithromycin. Consult your doctor ask him about the way.  Let her do salt water gargling 3 times a day for few days.  Any clarification feel free to ask Happy to answer.
Hi.... this does not seem like a problem which has suddenly cropped up. This looks like habitual constipation. Suggestions:1. Natural methods are the best to relieve constipation.2. Constipation is a risk factor for UTI3. Maximum milk consumption per day should not exceed 300-400ml4. Minimum 3-4 cups of fruits and vegetables to be consumed per day5. Toilet training - that is - sitting in Indian type of lavatory daily at the same time will help a lot. Hope my answer was helpful for you. I am happy to help any time. Further clarifications and consultations on Chat Doctor are welcome. If you do not have any clarifications, you can close the discussion and rate the answer. Wish your kid good health. Regards -
Hello! Thank you for asking on Chat Doctor! Regarding your concern, I would like to explain that many disorders could cause this clinical scenario. I would recommend consulting with your GP for a careful physical examination, a resting ECG, a chest x-ray and some blood lab tests : - complete blood count for chronic anemia-kidney and liver function tests - blood electrolytes (including calcium and magnesium)- thyroid hormone levels and cortisol plasma levels (to exclude possible thyroid and a Chat Doctor.  -inflammation tests (fibrinogen, PCR, sedimentation), because an autoimmune disorder could mimic such a clinical scenario. -blood and urine osmolarity (this test helps define the cause of your thirst)I also advise monitoring your blood pressure in both sitting and standing up position. A head up tilt test is necessary to exclude possible orthostatic hypotension. Hope to have been of help! Best wishes,
Hi, The normal range of testosterone levels in healthy adult males is between 280 and 1,100 nanograms per deciliter (NG/DL), I can suggest some methods to improve your testosterone level and your sexual desire:- Lose weight.- High-intensity exercise like peak fitness (especially combined with intermittent fasting)- Consume plenty of zinc.- Strength training.- Optimize your vitamin D levels.- Reduce stress.- Limit or eliminate sugar from your diet.- Eat healthy fats.- Flax seeds increase testosterone in a men body. They also contain essential fatty acids that are necessary for maintaining libido. Flax seeds help in the proper release of all sex hormones, facilitating sexual desire. Taking one tablespoon of flaxseed every day will ensure your sexual health. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor. After going through your query I think You are suffering from acute backache. It may be due to slip disc as you have I have loss of feeling and numbness in left leg.  Treatment of it is rest and analgesics. Diclofenac three times a day after meals is effective. Sometimes strong analgesic(such as attract three times a day after meals) is required. OMEPRAZOLE 20 MG before meals prevent acidity caused by analgesics. Sometimes vitamin D deficiency is the cause so get your vitamin D checked. If it is low then vitamin D supplementation(On DK 60K weekly with milk) can be taken. To further investigate and to exclude multiple sclerosis MRI of the region is advised. I think your query answered. Welcome to any follow-up query.
My dear friend.I would like to tell you 2 things. Please listen carefully. First is depression doe snot men that you should be sad always. It is something more. If you feel lethargy no interest in any works and feel tired exhausted without any apparent reason. Even this is depression.it is caused endogenous depression.2nd thing is that you have to keep faith on one doctor mostly a psychiatrist, and you need psychotherapy for coming out. There may some issues which may be in unconscious mind causing depression. So please visit and continue treatment. I can understand it happens, but you are strong enough to tackle it too.
HI, thanks for using Chat Doctor It does not sound like the flu. Nausea, vomiting, headache are commonly related to viral or bacterial infection of the stomach. If the intestines are involved may also have diarrhea. In some persons, who have severe reflux, these symptoms may also occur. Treatment(1)Restricting your diet till there is a 4-hour window with no symptoms(2)using meds such as Pepto-Bismol or Chat Doctor.
Hello, Regarding your concern, I would explain that left semi diaphragm elevation may be due to several health disorders adjacent to the diaphragm (above in the thorax of below in the abdomen). An inflammatory focus, mass, hematoma, etcetera may be the reason. In addition, Phoenix nerve paresis may cause such a clinical pattern. Coming to this point, a comprehensive clinical investigation including several imagine studies may be necessary (chest CT scan, abdominal ultrasound, MRI, etcetera.) A clinical and laboratory correlation is required to review possible inflammatory or systemic events in the past. Several lab tests are recommended:- Complete Blood Count- PCR & ESR-Liver & renal function tests-Blood electrolytes level, etcetera In case you had a CT scan two years ago and no records of suspected health problems have come after, probably anew CT scan would not offer additional clinical information. Nevertheless, you need to discuss with your attending doctor on the above-mentioned issues. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hello, Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor for posting your query. I have gone through your question in detail and I can understand what you are going through. From what you have stated it is quite clear that you are having a depressive episode. Depression can occur with regular stress, and it can also occur biologically without any stress as well. You need proper treatment for the same. There are various effective therapies for depression like fluoxetine, venlafaxine, bupropion, mirtazapine or Escitalopram, and they are all very effective and mostly safe. You may also require some benzodiazepines like clonazepam or lorazepam for a short period like 2-3 weeks to reduce the anxiety and help with your sleep.  If you are averse to the Chat Doctor.  This therapy is taken by either a psychologist or a psychiatrist in which the therapist identifies impaired cognitions (Thoughts) and try to correct them. They are 15-20 min weekly session and there should be around 8-10 sessions to help you with your illness Hope I am able to answer your concerns. If you have any further query, I would be glad to help you. In future if you wish to contact me directly, you can use the below-mentioned link:bit.ly/
Thank you for your queryBronchitis is an inflammation of the small airways in your lung. This could be associated with allergies/asthma, infection of the respiratory tract. Secretions develop in response to inflammation and infection. This helps with clearing the airways. Sometimes when there is too much, it enters our larger airways and requires us to cough it out. This process and an inflammation /infection in our throat could cause swelling of the throat and associated structures (ears, nose). The middle ear is connected to the throat by the Eustachian tube, one on either side (This helps to regulate pressure in the ear). The nose is connected to several sinuses (air filled pockets in our face that help to regulate voice). When there is repeated or prolonged increase in pressure in these areas (blowing your nose too hard, coughing, swelling in these areas), it can affect the pressure within the ear and result in tinnitus (ringing in the ears). Ear infections or inner ear pathology may also be associated with tinnitus. Once the bronchitis and associated symptoms are better, the ringing should subside and go away. If this does not happen or if this interferes with your hearing, see an ENT (ear/nose/throat)specialist who can quickly examine you and treat any underlying causes. .hope this helps. Please get back to us if you have any questions. Wish you good health
Hello madam, thanks a lot for your query on Chat Doctor, nice to see you switching to natural therapy for your lifestyle,.there is no substitute for it...do follow a healthy lifestyle...do go for regular exercises with at least 30 minutes of brisk walking daily...stick to a regular timetable for food...eat adequately at adequate time.don't over burden or underheat at any time...eat good food and don't heed to fast food try to stick to these tips.do be positive...things will improve gradually...
Hello and thanks for writing. I can understand your concern and would try to help you in the best possible way. You heart palpitations could be related to a combined effect of lack of sleep, excessive coffee intake or smoking to keep you awake i at night or any medication you may be taking. I suggest you consult a doctor and get a baseline cardiac evaluation with an ECG or ambulatory hotter study to rule out any cardiac arrhythmia. In the meanwhile you may decrease your coffee intake and smoking and try to change your shift as it may help with your palpitations.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. By your history and description, possibility of HERD (gastroesophageal reflux disease) is more. HERD is due to laxity of gastroesophageal sphincter. Because of this the acid of the stomach tends to come up in the esophagus and cause symptoms of burning esophageal pain, chest tightness etc. You are taking antacid (pantoprazole). Only Chat Doctor.  You need to follow below-mentioned lifestyle modifications also for better symptomatic relief. 1. Avoid hot and spicy food. Avoid junk food. 2. Avoid stress and tension, be relaxed and calm. 3. Avoid large meals, instead take frequent small meals. 4. Keep 2-3 pillows under head in bed to prevent reflux. 5. Quit smoking and Alcohol if you have these habits. 6. Go for walking after meals. Don't worry, you will be alright with all these. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.
Hello, For UTI (Urinary tract infection), you can take tablet Of lox Oz, tablet Unkind, syrup Near 10 ml, and tablet Broken 400 plus. Also, apply diclofenac gel or cream with ice locally. Do x-ray and MRI of back and hip region. Treatment mainly depends upon underlying conditions. Kindly follow with detailed history or consult with physician. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi Thereafter going through your query I understand your concern. I would like to tell you that Blood pressure more than 180/120 is an emergency condition but looks like your machine is giving fake readings. Check your BP on different machine and if it is actually more than 180/120 then go to ER.Don't take pills until you are sure about high BP as risk of hypotension will there if it is a fake reading. Kind Regards
Hi, I understand your concern and would explain that his symptoms could be related to depression. The dark reddish brown urine could be related to deny Chat Doctor.  For this reason, I would recommend consulting with his attending physician for a physical exam and some tests (complete blood count, PCR, ESR, kidney and liver function tests, blood electrolytes, fasting glucose).  If the above tests result normal, consulting with a psychiatrist would be the next step to follow.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Brief:Things are expected to get better soon. Detailed:Cellophane You for contacting Chat Doctor. Welcome to Chat Doctor. My name is Chat Doctor. I have gone through your query and would try to help you in the best possible way. Things you can do: There can be few things you can do to effectively control you cough.1-Using a mask to avoid allergen entry to respiratory tracts.2- Steam inhalation.3- Using antihistamine like allegra-D4- using a cough syrup.5- sometimes cough can as be caused by stomach acid reflux in this case you have to deal with it to by using antacids6- stay away from cold air. Sore Chest: Yes it is normal to have a sore chest in this case because inflammation and coughing makes it sore, you can just wait for some days, using your meds and things will get better with time. It's a good news already that you are coughing less now. Hope this answers your question. If you have additional questions or follow-up questions then please do not hesitate in writing to us. Wishing you good health
HIT hank for asking to ChatDoctorAlthough the healing process is a bit fast in the circumcised wound, if it became septic then this need to be treated with proper antibiotic, if I would be your doctor then I would treat your wound with the following medicine,1) Tab Amoxicillin with clavulanic acid (You have to adjust the dose according to your age and wait as such you have not given this information here)2) Provide Iodine ointment apply this on your wound frequently keep the wound clean this will come around within a week and no need to worry, take care and have nice day.
Hi welcome to Chat Doctor You might be suffering with Acid peptic disease, it is aggravated by taking stimulants like alcohol, tea,coffee, smoking etc., take home medicine NUN VOICE 200; daily 10 pills before going to bed for 6 weeks. For potbelly, do Yoga Exercises like Panama - two minutes each, Atom Film [Breathe IN through First Nostril - Keep SECOND Nostril closed Release FIRST Nostril and breathe OUT through the SECOND nostril - alternate this and try a sit erect]
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor I would keep a possibility of fungal infection. This is because closely apposing body folds e.g. thighs and groin, maxilla, submammary folds etc. can trap sweat, heat and moisture, therefore making the area favorable for fungal proliferation. If I was the treating doctor I would have asked you to use a topical antifungal like clotrimazole/ketoconazole/fluconazole cream, twice daily, regularly for 4 weeks. An Oral antifungal e.g. fluconazole once weekly for4 -6 weeks OR oral terminating once daily for 2-4 weeks OR Itraconazole 100 mg capsule, 2 capsules once daily for a week, is also advisable for a more complete urban OTC antihistamine e.g. cetirizine 10 mg once daily would help you in symptomatic itch relief. Keeping the folds Chat Doctor. Regards
Hi, Thank you for posting your question here, I will try to answer it to the best of my abilities. Stress can cause periods to start later than usual, even in women who have had regular periods for years. So that alone doesn't mean that you're pregnant. The fact that several home pregnancy tests have given a negative result points to the conclusion that you aren't pregnant. Yes, a doctors blood test is far more efficient than a home pregnancy test ad you can have one done, but I don't think you're pregnant. You're just getting a late period. I hope this answered your question.
Hi... Ventorlin is a medicine which is given for wheezing. If you feel that your child is having wheeze associated with severe cough and breathlessness you can give Ventolin as medicine till you see your pediatrician. Sometimes Ventolin can cause increased heart rate if given in excess dose. But as your pediatrician has already suggested nebulization, I see that your kid is having wheeze, so you can go ahead and give Ventolin. But get back to your doctor as soon as possible. Regards -
Dublin contains Albuterol with ipratropium and is for use maximum three times a day 8 hours apart between doses. Lung function tests are required to see what the problem is - so that the best treatment options can be considered. A Chest physician must be consulted, and if there is suspicion of allergy, an Allergist as well. If your father has multiple birds at home, please mention this to the doctor. Best Wishes.
Hi dear, and thanks for your query to Chat Doctor . Six months of trying to conceive is not enough to say that you have any issue. You should try and other six months and then if you will not conceive after other six months than you should contact with a gynecologist and should do minimally:transvaginal scan to see your reproductive organs monitor your ovulation partner semen analysis all these will be normal than you should talk with an infertility specialist to a proper examination. During these six months you will try to conceive you should be calm and:take folic acid exercise daily eat a healthy balanced diet Best regards
Hello, I read carefully your query and understand your concern. The symptoms seem to be related to the injury. I suggest doing a X-ray of the knees for further evaluation. Meanwhile, I suggest using anti-inflammatory medications such as Acetaminophen to relieve the pain. I also suggest using cold compresses for local application. Hope my answer was helpful. If you have further queries feel free to contact me again. Kind regards!  Chat Doctor.
Hello, It contains female hormone similar to progesterone. You should always know that microbes is recommended for use in pregnancy only if the need is clinically established. In your case, it has been given for maintenance of early pregnancy under specific circumstances. As it has been prescribed to you for the maintenance of early pregnancy, it is recommended to take this tablet regularly as advised. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your situation and problem. By your history and description, possibility of stress, anxiety and panic attack related HERD is more. HERD is due to laxity of gastroesophageal sphincter. Because of this the acid of the stomach tends to come up in the esophagus and cause the symptoms of left /right chest pain, chest tightness, burping etc. And all these, stress, anxiety and panic disorder are known to cause HERD. So better to consult psychiatrist and get done counseling sessions. Try to identify stressor in your life and start working on its solution. You may need additional anxiolytic Chat Doctor.  For chest pain, take proton pump inhibitors and avoid hot and spicy food. Don't worry, you will be alright. Hope I have solved your query. Wish you good health. Thanks.
Welcome to Chat Doctor. 1. The history and symptoms suggest features of trauma with localized swelling. 2. This swelling could be due to the infective collection in the subcutaneous region.3. Other possible causes localized edema / cellulite features.4. An x-ray to rule out the bone involvement, and ultrasound to confirm the diagnosis of extent of the lesion / collection.5. Treatment mostly include a course of antibiotic treatment with a localized warm compression and anti-inflammatory cream. Good luck. Hope I have answered your query.Anything to ask do not hesitate. Thank you.
Hi In Chat Doctor.  It will help to conceive faster. As she is not ovulating regularly on her own she will need assistance in the form of tablets (iPhone which she is already taking). Just understand that one ovulatory cycle with tablets will give 25% chance of pregnancy (50-60% with 3 cycles). So be patient & continue treatment (with 6-8 cycles chance of pregnancy will be around 70-75%. If you add GUI, chance will increase to around 75-80%). If you be patient & follow prescribed treatment there is definitely good chance of pregnancy. By doing GUI, chance will increase by approx. 5% per cycle. You can go for it. Wish you good luck.
Hi. Thanks for your query. Bruising should not occur as this is not normal to have bruises on abdominal wall after hysterectomy at all. This indicates that the hemostasis (control of bleeding) was not proper, or it occurred as a result of reactionary hemorrhage, meaning blood vessels can open up after the blood pressure shoots up during the post-operative period. Clearing up of the bruises was a good indication, but re-appearance of darker bruises indicates that there is bleeding under the skin. Yes, you should be concerned and consult the operating Surgeon immediately to see whether you need a conservative medical approach or surgical exploration for ligating the offending blood vessels.
You will need to take four medications to control your high blood pressure - Hydrochlorothiazide, Amlodipine, Olmesartan (Benicar), and Benazepril. These medications work together to lower your blood pressure and manage any symptoms you may have.
HiT hank you for asking ChatDoctorI have gone through your query. HSV 1 can spread to genital area by giving oral sex. But it is not as severe as HSV2. So nothing much to worry. By taking antiviral Chat Doctor.  As you have given oral sex with lesions on chances of spreading to him is more. HSV 1 and 2 are different and there is no transformation from one to others. Hope this may help you. Let me know if anything is not clear. Thanks.
HelloThanks for query, Lumps on the scrotal sac are mostly Sebaceous Cysts over scrotal wall. The Scrotal skin is rich in sebaceous glands and hence prone to get more sebaceous cyst due to accumulation of sebum beneath the skin. Normally they fade away without treatment however they need to be treated if increase in size or get infected. Please consult qualified General Surgeon for clinical evaluation and further treatment. If needed some of them which are bigger may need to get excised in Toto (Completely along with the sac) Chat Doctor.
HI Welcome to ChatDoctorI have gone through your query . It is nice to know that you have been benefitted by treatment from acupuncture. Acupuncture can stimulate your meridians and remove the block, improving kidneys self-cure and promoting kidney functions. Acupuncture can help chronic kidney disease patients relieve and cure some symptoms like back pain, headaches, muscle pain, allergies and other immune system dysfunctions, digestive problems fatigue, insomnia, asthma, depression, high blood pressure, diarrhea, irregularities in the heartbeat, vision and hearing problems, rheumatism, circulatory problems, etc. very rare cases, more serious complications can occur if the acupuncture needles pierce the kidney, lungs or another organ. Acupuncture is considered to be very safe. In 1996, the U.S. Food and Chat Doctor.  Also, acupuncturists will swab the acupuncture areas first with an antiseptic, so there is very little risk of infection. It's very important to visit a licensed practitioner, however, because poorly sterilized needles can transmit infectious diseases. Time taken in curing depends on the stage and receptivity of the patient So in my opinion You can go for ACU treatment safely and get full benefit of this therapy. Hope it helps to solve your query. All the best Take Cardona hesitate to get back if any further query
Hi, Based on your medical history, pregnancy could be a possible cause. I suggest getting a pregnancy test to rule it out. If pregnancy is excluded, PCs or premenstrual syn Chat Doctor.  I suggest having an abdominal ultrasound for further evaluation. If everything with your genital tract is normal, then, should consult a GI specialist and run upper endoscopy and stool examinations to rule out GI pathology.
Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. EC LIA and CIA both test based on different principles.  Both can be done for hepatitis C. You can compare the results of both tests. Both show positive results that can be compared. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Hi and welcome. I am not sure what is contained in Donovan tablet?? Your dad seems to be on two erythropoietin preparations (We pox and Mercer) which is usual - both have the same effect, hence why prescribe together? Kindly check this with your nephrologist. The key is to ask your doctor as to why your dads kidneys are working less well? His BP and any diabetes (if he has it) should be well controlled. Best wishes
Hi, I value your concern regarding the symptoms. I have gone through your symptoms, and in my opinion you need to correct this It D deficiency also, and I would recommend you to get your tests repeated after 3 months after consultation with a Rheumatologist, as in many cases these tests come negative in early phase of disease. Also I would like to know your CRP and ESR values. Hope this answers your question. If you have additional questions or follow-up questions then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your questions. Wishing you good health. Special note-Any medication prescribed needs to be taken after consultation with your personal doctor only.
Hi, Steroids on long-term use can cause stomach ulcer, high blood sugar, high blood pressure, weight gain, thinning of the bones which may result in fractures, cataract, thinning of the skin, mood changes, increased risk of infection, and acute a Chat Doctor.  She must report to her doctor if she experiences these side effects. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further.
We guess you are asking about how to know the secondaries of Breast cancer in the body. There are numerous tests done to detect the secondaries based on the most common sites of secondaries of Breast Cancer. The Oncologist is the person who deals with this. An antibody-based test that is used to detect circulating breast cancer cells and provide prognostic information for patients during treatment may not detect all subtypes of breast cancer. The following are the tests to detect the cancer cells like AMOS - Anti-malignin antibody screen tests. Biological Terrain Assessment (BTA) is a computerized device that measures your blood, saliva and urine for: the amount of electrons present, pH balance, and minerals in these fluids.  It will show how healthy your cells are. Cancer Marker Tests: These are immunological methods - cancer markers that are produced as cancer grows and are detectable even before it reaches a size big enough for detection by other methods like alphafetoprotein, CA 15.3, CA 19.9, Carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA).
Hi, I can understand your concern for bulbous lesions on various parts of the body. You applied mometasone cream on face for psoriasis. Kindly consult the dermatologist for the perfect diagnosis and proper treatment. Psoriasis on face is not common. Kindly have perfect diagnosis. Mometasone does not cause bulbous lesions. So the bulbous lesions may be the due to something else. It may be bulbous impetigo. After thorough diagnosis you may be treated properly. Thanks. Chat Doctor.
helloThanks for the query. Probably you have developed vitiligo. It is an autosomal disorder in which body forms antibodies against the pigment forming cell. The pigment forming cells are destroyed leading to white colored patches on the body. It can be treated with the use of steroids and other immunomodulatory Chat Doctor. Just relax it is a common condition and can be treated. Please meet a dermatologist and get yourself examined. Let me know you have any other doubts. Thank you
Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor .com I am Chat Doctor. Mariano Into Bruno Mascaras. I have gone through your query with diligence and would like you to know that I am here to help you. Question : Can the problem of disc bulging be treated without surgery? Answer : More than 90 percent of disc bulging can be treated without surgery The treatments include 1. Weight Reduction2. Neck Strengthening 3. Lifestyle Modifications4. Physiotherapy 5. TabletsHowever, if you have weakness or numbness, surgery is needed at once Hope you found the answer helpful. If you need any clarification / have doubts / have additional questions / have follow-up questions, then please do not hesitate in asking again. I will be happy to answer your questions. In the future, for continuity of care, I encourage you to contact me directly in Chat Doctor at http://bit.ly/ask
Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor forum.  Your patient is of 96 age, when flexes, his shoulder, cause extension of elbow, and arm internally rotates in right arm, and now the left arm also doing it. Recently there is ataxic gait.  It appears to be the ischemia of the brain, probably due to the atherosclerosis, or neuritis, or necrosis of the muscles.  Most probably these are irreversible changes.  I usually prescribe to my patient with such age and symptoms neurotrophic injections for 10 consecutive days, and then periodically. Multivitamin tablets once daily. Physiotherapy is the best way to recovery, from the contractures.  I advise taking more of green leafy vegetables, pulses, sprouts, and protein rich foods.  Wishing for a quick and near complete recovery. Thank you.
Hello, Firstly sorry to hear about your daughter. Now coming to point. Did you show to a proper pediatric? Intact nowadays there are different branches in pediatric, and you need to consult the right one. Now there should be a reason for the enlargement of the lymph node. We need to find the reason for it. A good specialized pediatric should be able to guide you better. No one provides antibiotic to a small kid unless and until it is the last choice. Please meet up the specialized pediatric and get assessed with blood, urine and sometimes stool. Rest assured, once the cause of infection is found the treatment will be directed towards the same. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.  Jay In Chat Doctor.
Hello, Firstly, you did not need the emergency pill since you were in safe period presuming a 28-30 day regular menstrual cycle. The pill contains high doses of hormone and as such creates hormonal imbalances. This had resulted in the with Chat Doctor.  Pregnancy is unlikely in this scenario as the pill was taken within the stipulated time. The next normal period can be expected to get delayed by a week or two. Please get expert help if you are overdue by ten days. Hope this helps.
Hellowelcome to Chat Doctor, as per the details u have been submitted, it seems that you're having chronic LBA with disc protrusion or herniation leading to compression of your nerve roots.i.e called RADICULOPATHY .that's why you are experiencing numbness and burning pain into your leg.so before going to steroid shots from a physical medicine specialist I advise you to a ORTHOPEDIC IAN/SPINAL SURGEON and get done the following tests1. STRAIGHT LEG RAISING TESTS AND PHYSICAL EXAMINATION, IT WILL BE DONE BY A ORTHOPEDIC DOCTOR2. GET DONE MRI OF YOUR LS-SPINE AFTER AN MRI OF LS -SPINE YOU WILL BE TREATED ACCORDINGLY.90% OF DISC PROBLEMS CAN BE CURED BY GIVING REST TO LS SPINE BY LS SPINE BELT AND PHYSIOTHERAPY......... HOPE THIS WILL HELP U A LOT, IF U NEED ANY FURTHER INFO...GET BACK TO ME...
HiT hank you for your question to Chat Doctor. Causes of back pain after spinal surgery are several and may be hardware related or pathology in the back itself.Some common causes are infection, nonunion of the bones one of the strong predisposing factors for which is infection and prominent hardware. Screw heads may become prominent in thin individuals and cause problems. Infection is a major concern if there is increasing pain and MRI scan and blood tests can help with diagnosis. Diagnosis of nonunion requires a CT scan. An X-ray will reveal a broken screw in most of the cases. CT scan images the spine in three dimensions and is confirmatory. For your condition I would recommend a CT scan and MRI of the spine with and without contrast. A prominent or broken screw is uncommon to be the cause of pain by itself. It is the nonunion which is indirectly indicated by a broken screw that is the cause of pain. Hope this is helpful. I would be happy to answer any questions you may have. Wish you the best.
Due to facture in tibia and fibula went in nonweight bearing mode, that lead weakness in certain groups of your muscles due to this you are experiencing pain while walking. Massage and hot packs will give you relief form pain for some time, but you need to exercise your muscles also static cycle will help you in this, you need to start from moderate to severe mode of exercise on cycle.Also, if you want you can visit a physio in your area who can help you with rehabilitation. Hope you find this useful, in case you want any further help feel free to contact me
Hello, As history appears to show there is a weakness of the muscles of the stomach. For stomach to have a proper function the abdominal muscles need to be strong to support the stomach. Now stomach muscles are soft tissue muscle and abdominal are skeletal muscles. Skeletal muscles are controlled by human desire and soft tissue are by the autonomous nervous system. The exercise which you need to do it - straight crunches for the upper abdomen. Later crunches for the side muscles of the abdomen. The procedure is simple. Lye down on the mat with crook lying position. Then lift the head and shoulder 2-4 inches off the floor and try going towards the knee. And the other one you should do later bend. This is one of the simplest forms to give support to the stomach muscles providing good strength. You can the videos online as well. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Jay In Chat Doctor.
Hi, Welcome. This is Chat Doctor. Bypass surgery has good success rate & is considered better than angioplasty. So there is absolutely nothing to worry. I did not find any attachment with your message. So please try again. So I can not tell you within how much time it should be done. Bypass is done very commonly in India in all major hospitals with cardiology setup. Discharge takes around 4-7 days depending on patients progress. In India, it costs between 2 and 3 lakhs. Thanks
Hello and thank you for using Chat Doctor. I carefully read your question and I understand your concern. You should not worry, I will explain you something and give you my opinion. This seems to be a heart rhythm issues. There are some electrical impulses that generate in a part of the heart different from normal sinus rhythm. This cause a premature heart contraction, that's not a normal one. You feel this like a palpitation, like a skipped beat that makes you cough or have difficulties in breathing deeply. There might be different causes of this rhythm issues like stress, coffee consumption, alcohol, so you have to avoid this. Pathology like anemia, hyperthyroidism, electrolytic disturbances or cardiac anomalies might be other causes. So, electrolyte disturbances, thyroid or parathyroid gland problems might explain even your hands problems, numb or tingly sensation, so you have to check them. If I was your treating doctor I will ask for some examination like a full blood check up, your thyroid problems, a cardiac echo, and a holder rhythm monitoring. Through this we can better know what we are dealing with and how to treat them. As you say, you have a very stress period and this might be the cause. It will soon pass. Hope I was helpful. Best regards.
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor. Your hepatic hematoma never produces such type of symptoms so don't think that it has any relation with your present complains, and your present problem is mostly due to some gastrointestinal infection and will be cured by antibiotics under medical supervision. You do not require any further treatment for these hematomas at present or in future as it will not cause any problem. Best wishes for your health.
Hello, It is very rare to have abdominal bleeding and patient is not noticing this. I would recommend you to get ultrasound examination of the abdomen to see if there is any damage inside. For tail bone pain you should use site bath. Avoid sitting on hard surface for long time and use cushion like seats.  Take broken if pain is very bad. If this pain remain continue than you should get x-ray to see if there is any tail bone fracture.  I hope these steps will be useful for you. Let me know if there is any other followup questions. Thanks
Hi welcome to Chat Doctor forum.  Thanks for calling Chat Doctor. Forum.  You have got pain abdomen, more on stretching, getting up from bed, The pain could be of anything, if in the upper abdomen, may be due to gastric irritation due to peptic ulcer, or irritant foods. Gallbladder pain, or pancreas pain.  If in the middle, may be due to worms in the intestine, kidney or urinary tract infection, or infection in the ascending or descending colon.  If in the lower abdomen, may be due to urinary tract infection, or stones in the urinary tract or urinary bladder.  I advise you to consult a surgeon for diagnosis and treatment. You may need to have M.R.I. besides other routine tests for confirmation.  Wishing for a quick and complete recovery.  Best regards.
Hi thanks for asking question.Don't worry about cancer. Here it doesn't seems cancer... Mass is not present ...so. If no symptoms then no need for much worry. Yes in viral pneumonia or bronchitis or asthma can give such finding. If you have dyspnea then we can start treatment for asthma if needed... Just now if no symptoms then no worry. CBC done. If show necrophilia we will start antibiotic ....Meanwhile, if respiratory symptoms occur contact doctor. Hope your concern solved. Chat Doctor.
HelloWelcome to ChatDoctorI would advise you that never skip brushing even a single day because that's awful & will lead to many new problems like gingivitis. All foodstuff get accumulated & lead to discoloration of teeth. When that biofilm will be calcified it will lead to calculus formation that will be difficult to removed. Also use sugar-free chewing gums like orbit. Regarding your problem skin peeling in inner mouth it might be due to taking some oily stuff. It will resolve on its own, just Chat Doctor. Consult your dentist for further treatment. Take Disregards
Hi, I have studied your case with diligence Do ice application, and thrombhophobe ointment may help and give rest to forearm/ elbow. You can apply crêpe bandage for support. You may need X-ray of forearm/elbow to rule out any minor fracture. You can consult your doctor by taking appointment. Hope this answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your queries. Wishing you good health. Take care
Hi, This can suggest a viral pro Chat Doctor.  Sometimes rash and body aches precedes fever. If she is otherwise active and playful, nothing to worry. Just give paracetamol three times a day for 2-3 days.  This will help chest pain, and fever in case it appears. You need to take her to doctor if the pain increases, other symptoms adds up or fever persists beyond 3 days. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care
If one eye is swollen it can be simple inflammation due some infection of a layer of eyeball outer white--red eye , it can cause eyelids stick, child cannot open it until it is washed with warm water, however there are some other eyes diseases which need in time treatment I would recommend you .to consult doctor to examine his eye, suggest treatment, because some eye disease need urgent attention of specialist
Thanks for your query, I have gone through your query. The pain in the tooth could be because of the tooth infection. The red spot is because of the pus discharging sinus tract secondary to abscess in the root tip of the infected tooth. You can take a course of antibiotics and analgesics like amoxicillin 500 mg and metronidazole 400 mg TID for 5 days. Do saline gargling. You have to consult an endodontist to get the infected tooth treated. There is no other option. After taking antibiotics you can get the tooth treated with RCT(if bone support is fine) or extraction for tooth infection. Do not worry your girlfriend will not die because of this reason. Try to get it treated as early as possible, wherever you can get it done free. I hope my answer will help you, take care.
The clinical narration so far available present a confirmed profile of widespread manifestations of Neurofibromatosis type I and pericardial enlarging lymph node could be co morbid marker of chronic bronchiectasis associated with mediastinal NF causing compression at multiple levels with concomitant Lymph node involvement bilateral cervical areas.  Beside confirming the diagnosis with bronchoscopy and angiogram serially done and sensitivity considerations a choice antibiotic cover aided by vigorous chest physio and postural Chat Doctor.
Asthma is allergy in 90% patents and as age increase the inhalers working lose control, and they are not able to control it so need to readjust dose need to go for allergy tests to find the cause it can be medicines soaps shampoo ointment creams body application materials oils cooking oils foods cloth or poetaster getting allergy gets by consulting allergy doctor avoid foods and immunotherapy for pollen have treated many pts like to prevent it from triggering Newman h ointment in nose based water 2 Chat Doctor.
His read your query and understand your concerns am sorry for the symptoms you are suffering It seems your symptoms are provoked by the herniation, so I don't think you are facing two different problems In my opinion you should schedule a lumbar MR which will confirm the gravity of herniation Then you may discuss other treatment possibilities You can forward examinations to me and I will be glad to advice you Please feel free to ask further questions or discuss doubtsMeantime you should wear a lumbar fortress and continue pain killers Hope I have been of heptane you for trusting ChatDoctorBest regards
HelloVolume 4.0 ml (Normal 3-6 ml) . Liquefaction time 30 minute (Total count 70 million /ml (normal 60-120 million /ml normal)Motility 60 % (normal motility for successful conception require > 63 %)in your case it is low, but conception can take. Morphology 75 % (>13 % is associated for normal fertility, so in your case this is very good). Pus cells 2-4 normal Sterile semen, this is very nice i.e. no bacteria. Studies suggests that normal fertility is associated with sperm counts of 48 million /ml, with motility >63 % with >13 % exhibiting normal morphology. Approximately your semen is normal for NORMAL FERTILITY. Hope this will help you.
Hi, Endometrial hyperplasia and hypertrophy is somewhat different anyway the exact histopathological diagnosis is preferable. Estrogen plays a role in endometrial hyperplasia. Breast cancer patient should have an annual gynecological check up to rule out the same. The clinical trials like ATC, ATLAS has reported about it. But chance of malignancy is less. So you should better follow the normal breast cancer follow-up protocol.
Hi, Dear,Thanks for your query to Chat Doctor. Dear I read your query and reviewed it with context to your query facts. I understood your health concerns and feel Concerned about them. Based on the facts of your query, you seem to suffer from-Co2 induced Right Diaphragm irritation with stretching, which is caused by the insufflated Co2,which takes 1 week or 2 and varies from person to person.Thus, You are perfectly right that the said pain is caused by insufflated Co2 Gas. So there is no any complication of the Lap-Appendectomy surgery. And this would settle in 3-10 days time. So Don't worry, things would settle gradually. Second Opinion from your operating surgeon and Painkillers would help to recover from this. Hope this would help you to reduce worry with your problem. Take care and wish you to recover fast and Live healthy. Hope this reply would help you to plan further treatment with your family and specialist doctors there. Welcome for any further query in this regard. Good Day!! Chat Doctor. N. Senior Surgical Specialist. S. Genl-CVTS
Hi, Thank you for posting your question. Since your child has complains of loose stools, the most probable because I would think of is viral diarrhea. In that case I would ask you only to take care of his HY Chat Doctor.  Apart from that probiotics e.g. nitrogen b which was given to you would also be useful. Any zinc supplement may also be helpful to recover the zinc lost in stools. This could be done after consulting your doctor. For the pain and discomfort that your child is experiencing any anti colic
Hello, Thanks for the question. Upper back region is a very common site of a benign lipomatous tumor called Lipoma. It usually occurs around the middle age and presents with radiological features similar to your case and CURABLE by surgery alone. However, it can only be confirmed by a biopsy(needle or open) or cytology. In my opinion as a Pathologist, A Fine Needle Aspiration Cytology (FNAC)OR an Incisional Biopsy both can confirm the true nature of your husbands lump. It is mandatory and essential for categorization and treatment. Though you did not mention the duration of the lump your husband is suffering from, and I suspect it is a long time(months). If that is the case, it emphases the presence of a benign lesion like lipoma. In conclusion, I would like to mention that, FNAC is a much faster and day care procedure which can alleviate your mental tension quickly. The only downside is you have to go for a biopsy ultimately if it fails or not done and reported by a person who is experienced and familiar with the procedure. Hope this helps. Feel free to contact again for any other question.
Thank you for choosing Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Usually in such cases neurophysicians or neurosurgeons will wait for some time for symptom involvement before they take any call for surgery. Sometimes even after surgery results may not be promising. I advise you to see a neurophysician along with reports. Based upon the physical examination he can advise you whether your father is the best candidate for medical treatment or surgical treatment. I wish him a speedy recovery.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Possibility of stress and anxiety related symptoms is more likely. But better to first rule out lung related diseases like bronchitis or asthma. So get done PFT (Pulmonary Function Test). If PFT is normal then no need to worry about lung diseases. Consult good psychiatrist and get done counselling sessions. Try to identify stressor in your life and start working on its solution. You may need anxiolytic Chat Doctor. Don't worry, you will be alright with all these. Avoid stress and tension, be relaxed and calm. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.
Hi, The copper coil is a very effective (more than 99%) contraceptive method. Moreover, your pregnancy test is negative. So it is extremely unlikely that you are pregnant. If you have had home pregnancy test then get blood pregnancy test done as it is more accurate as there is a very small chance of the contraceptive method failure Can you feel the threads of the coil. Do you have vaginal discharge? Do you have urinary complaints? If the pregnancy test is negative then see gynecologist to make sure that the coil is in place and to evaluate for vaginal and urinary infection. If no infection and the coil is in place take progesterone to start periods. Some women do get cramps just before periods, and it is normal. The symptoms subside with the period. I hope I have answered to your satisfaction.
Hello, Nitrous oxide is seen to cause a seizure in certain animal studies, but there is no controlled data for humans. However, in cases where it is used for conscious sedation, it is generally safe. I would, however, suggest you to first consult with her treating physician so that the levels of her anti-seizure Chat Doctor.  Once consent is given, you can proceed accordingly. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hello;Thanks for your query. As far as possible any antiallergic like chlorpheneramine should not be used in child below 2 yrs without the doctors' advice. Though in India it is frequently used for allergies, and rhinitis in child Chat Doctor. If given in a proper dose it does not cause any major problem other than sedation. Since it is an allergic reaction it has to be treated, so I would suggest you to consult a Pediatrician before giving medicines. Take care. Thanks
Thanks for asking in Chat Doctor forum In short: These are completely normal feelingExplanation: Feeling discomfort, sore and urge to urinate are all normal feeling usually after ejaculation. So, do not be worried. It is good to urinate after ejaculation as it prevents bacteria going inside your urethra and causing infection. It is a natural protective reflex like phenomenon.  Be cool and enjoy. Hope this will help you.
Hello, Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor for posting your query. I have gone through your question in detail and I can understand what you are going through. Prozac should never ever be given in a case of mania. The first thing that should be done in a mania is with Chat Doctor.  You may discuss this issue with your psychiatrist. Further you have not mentioned the doses of the medicines. The medicines that you are on except the Prozac are good but it's likely that the doses are not sufficient. Get the doses confirmed by your treating psychiatrist. Other options are lithium or oxcarbazapine or quetiapine or olanzapine. Hope I am able to answer your concerns. If you have any further query, I would be glad to help you. In future if you wish to contact me directly, you can use the below-mentioned link:bit.ly/
Dear patient Cancer OT metastasis is rare at your age and your need not worry about it. You might be having osteocyte Chat Doctor.  This need to be investigated with 1. X-ray of chest poster anterior view and 2. Ct scan of chest to confirm diagnosis and know the exact site of origin of tumor. Please visit radiology center nearby you and get it done. You need to consult expert orthopedic surgeon with report.  If diagnosis is confirmed treatment is surgical excision of osteocyte
Hello, Thank you for asking at Chat Doctor. I went through your sons history and would like to make suggestions for him as follows:1. Viral fever usually takes 3-7 days and then subsides by itself. There is no specific medicine for viral fever. So as long he as fever, I would suggest him paracetamol (P125).2. If he has not developed any new symptom after starting treatment, I would suggest you to wait and give him medicines a suggested by your doctor. If he has developed any new symptom or his symptoms have been worsened, I would suggest you to get him examined by his doctor. Hope above suggestions will be helpful to you. Should you have any further query, please feel free to ask at Chat Doctor. Wish your son the best of the health ahead. Thank you & Regards.
Hi thanks for contacting Chat Doctor... You have not mentioned your weight... If you are overweight then sometime apnea and breathing difficulty can occur.... You have no other symptoms present.... If excess stress or anxiety then also dyspnea can be there.... Rule out anemia by blood test.... Measure your blood pressure ... If needed ECG or echo done to rule out cardiac cause.... Your resp examination done... Spirometry help in differentiating restrictive and obstructive causes ... If abnormal then chest x-ray and needed investigation done.... Hope your concern solved... Take care... Chat Doctor.
Hi, As what I see is that your cervical ribs are leading to problems with your upper limbs a lot. There is a solution for the cervical ribs is that to get it artificially removed. As this ribs cause compression the nerves, to be precise the brachial plexus which is one of the important branch for the nerves which supplies the upper limbs.  The decision has to be taken only after the physical examination and considering other factors that is it really needed to remove it or not to touch it. Coming the therapy part, a lot of painkillers in the long run can rotten the kidneys leading to increased creatine levels which can not be of help and a matter of worry, so avoiding too many painkillers will be advised. Use hot water fermentation if it is helping you reduce the pain. You even need to figure out the muscles which need attention as there might be possibilities that some weaker muscles will be aggravating the pain as they might change the posture and leads to nerve compression. A good physical therapist should be of use to examine and advice a good exercise prescription. Please feel free to contact me with some more detailed history. For time being avoid too many push-ups. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Jay In Chat Doctor.
Hi, There might be having few reasons for having anemia. Common cause is having chronic blood loss from the body. Possibility of having worm infestation should be kept in mind. Nutritional deficiency can cause anemia as well. Go for,1, bleeding time, clotting time,2, stool test for worms,3, get examined for having hemorrhoids, Take branded iron, folic acid tablet for 2-3 months. Take nourishing diet, green veggies and high protein diet. Ok and take care.
Thanks for posting on Chat Doctor. I am sorry to hear about your daughter. During illness when the child does not eat properly, the body has to manage nutrition from elsewhere and converts fats to ketones which act as the food for brain. That is probably the reason for your child to have 4+ ketones. All that has to be done is to give her feed properly. I would also insist giving her ORS to help her regain salt and water imbalance. At times, it is extremely difficult to find the vein in small child Chat Doctor.
Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thank you for your query. I am Chat Doctor, I understand your concerns and I will try to help you as much as I can. Yes, this is probably so-called cholecystitis and this is inflammation of gallbladder due to stones in it.  You should do at least ultrasound or CT scan to evaluate it more accurately. This is caused by stone in bile duct and is very common condition. Surgery is recommended in this case and if you don't want it now then you need to change your dietary habits first.  You need to avoid fried food, carbonated Chat Doctor.  You should eat more milk products, vegetables and boiled food. If there is no improvement on lifestyle or dietary changes, then surgery is recommended. Other causes include pancreatitis or pleuordinia and should be considered if gallbladder stones are ruled out. I hope I have answered you query. If you have any further questions you can contact us in every time. Kindly regards. Wish you a good health.
Hi there. Chest pain radiating to the arm and involving shoulder needs to be checked up for Angina or pro Chat Doctor.  You should get seen by a Doctor as soon as possible, especially if you have shortness of breath as well. Other cause can be shoulder rotator cuff disorder and nerve pinching in the neck. Avoid bending forward and lifting weights. Take painkillers. Consult your Doctor as soon as possible.
I don't aware about the medicine that u mentioned.ichthyosis diagnosed as genetic origin little time to take treat. Depending upon the severity and type of ichthyosis, affected individuals may need treatment from about 6 to12 months, in order to significantly improve from this condition. Ayurvedic treatment for this condition includes oral and external medication along with some diet restriction. If needed (yoga also)If u give a clear detail of this patient I can guide u more.
Based on your symptoms, it appears that you may be experiencing kidney failure. We will need to conduct further tests to confirm this diagnosis.
Brief answer:Stomach infection or anal fissure or tags. Detailed answer:Hi, welcome to Chat Doctor. Blood in stool could be due to stomach infection or anal fissure or tags. In case of stomach infection, there are loose stools, fever and pain abdomen while in anal fissure or tags, there is bright red blood with no other symptoms. In my opinion, a stool routine microscopy test should be done and examination by surgery specialist should be done. I hope this will help you. Wishing your child good health. Take care. Regards: Chat Doctor.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your sons situation and problem. Yes, you should definitely consult doctor for him because continuous chest pain on exertion is commonly seen in cardiac and Pulmonary diseases. So better to consult doctor and get done 1. ECG and 2d echo 2.  Chest x-ray and PFT (Pulmonary Function Test). ECG and 2d echo are needed to rule out heart diseases. Chest x-ray and PFT are needed to rule out lung diseases. If all these are normal then no need to worry much for this. Sometimes musculoskeletal pain can also cause similar symptoms. So no need to worry about this but better to rule out heart and lung related diseases. Hope I have solved your query. Wishing good health to your son. Thanks.
Hi, If you are in later months of pregnancy this pain can be due to change of posture and lumbar curvature might be giving this problem at this stage. During pregnancy ultrasound of abdomen can be done to rule out any problem in kidney or abdomen. Do some light exercises of back and deep breathing exercises daily. Take light diet and avoid taking fried or junk food. Avoid sedentary life. Take Iron, multivitamin, calcium supplements. Ok and take care.
Dear friend, I feel very sorry to know about the problems you are facing. From your description it is clear that you are having depression along with auditory hallucinations and perhaps visual hallucinations and delusions too. It can be possible that depression leading to hallucinations or vice versa. In either case, you need to consult a psychiatrist as soon as possible for starting of medicines antipsychotic and antidepressants. Next thing is to share your problems with your family and to gain social support because it is very essential. Don't follow the voices what they are commanding you because these are not real. Be safe and inform your family as soon as possible.It's very easily treatable.
Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Many of the spider bites usually do not cause much harm except for some spiders like black widow spider and brown recluse spider. Your symptoms are suggestive of a brown recluse spider bite where the skin around the bite wound swells and reddens due to a local reaction. Such wounds should be cleaned thoroughly to avoid secondary bacterial infection. Based on the symptoms you have mentioned in your query, I suspect the above scenario where your wound was not attended to in time and secondary bacterial infection has occurred leading to cellulitis. Cellulitis is caused by bacteria like staphylococcus and streptococcus. You were correctly treated by broad spectrum antibiotics as cellulitis spreads very fast and cause septicemia. Hope I have helped you with this answer. Thanks.
Hi, If I were your treating Doctor for this case of severe pain of sciatica and urination problems, I would recommend an imaging study of your lumbar-sacral spinal cord to rule out a possible compressive lesion of spinal cord or nerve roots. I suggest you to ask for an MR of column and an appointment with a Neurosurgeon. Hope this answers your question. If you have additional questions or follow-up questions then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your questions.
Hello, Well, I don't think there is something called as an underdeveloped shoulder as terminology in medicine if it does exist I really don't know. First time listening something like this. Also, maybe the attending physician has meant, that there is a weakness of the muscles of one shoulder when compared to another, apart from that I do not understand what is an underdeveloped shoulder. Not when you mention the pain in the neck and shoulder, I think this should be related to the cervical radiculopathy. If you can take an MRI of the cervical spine we can understand some things better. Because the pain in the neck and shoulder can be due to two reasons, one it might be inflammation of the trapezius muscle or might be the nerve entrapment. I will advise you to take a neck collar and use it for a week or two, during this use hot water fermentation for the neck, upper back and shoulder - front and back region. See if you find any changes if any muscle inflammation is present than you might get relief of it, and later you can do some slow strengthening exercises under a guided physiotherapist for both the neck and the shoulder muscles. Coming to the deformity of the thumb and index finger, if you put more details in front of me that I can understand and comment over it as, as of now it is little difficult with the so small statement about the thumb and index finger deformity. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Jay In Chat Doctor.
It seems like you might be having contact dermatitis. It is an allergic reaction caused by direct contact with irritants or allergens.
Based on your symptoms, we need to conduct a thorough examination of your breast, as well as a radiographic imaging procedure. We'll do a mammography or mammogram to check for any abnormalities. We'll also do a pelvis exam to rule out any issues with your reproductive system. An ultrasonography or ultrasound may also be required to get a more detailed image of your breast tissue. In some cases, a biopsy may be needed to determine if the lumps are cancerous or not. Lastly, we may also need to do a bone density scan depending on your age and risk factors.
Hi, Thanks for the query. It is possible to get pregnant even before you get a normal cycle after stopping birth control pills. You have not even missed your period yet, so it is very early to say if pregnancy has occurred. The breast discomfort, nausea and tenderness are non-specific. They may be due to pregnancy or even premenstrual syn Chat Doctor.  The earliest that pregnancy can be detected is by a blood test after about 28-30 days or just around the missed period and by a urine test 7-10 days after the missed period. Please do not be so anxious. You have been through all this. Just relax. I suggest that you start tablet folic acid as it helps in the babies brain development. Hope I was able to help you. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. I would be happy to answer any further queries. Have a nice day and take care.
Hi, Thank you for posting your query. I have noted your symptoms. Urinary tract infection spreading to the kidneys are related. This condition is called pyelonephritis. You would respond to appropriate course of antibiotics. Elevated liver enzymes may not be related, unless we are considering a diagnosis of sepsis, where the infection spreads to blood and to all organs, including liver. In your case, elevated liver enzymes could be a side effect of a medication you are on. Please discuss this with your herpetologist/gastroenterologist. I hope my answer helps. Please get back if you have any follow-up queries or if you require any additional information. Wishing you good health, Chat Doctor. Ly/
Hi, Twisting injury of knee with give way feeling confirm the Anterior cruciate ligament injury in the knee. For confirmation, you should go for MRI of the knee. Start anti-inflammatory medicine and apply ice packs to reduce the swelling and pain. You can use knee brace to support while walking because give way episodes will increase the pain and swellings. Treatment is Arthroscopic ACL reconstruction surgery after 3 weeks when swelling subside. Thanks
Hello, Ascites is the most common complication of end stage liver disease. This a very important milestone in the patients suffering from ESL, as this makes the survival chance very poor. The most important complication in such patients is bacterial peritonitis. The symptoms and signs of your husband suggest that your husband has developed this infection. Must consult your doctor urgently, get the required investigations done and start broad spectrum antibiotics as per the advice of your doctor. I hope it helps. Thanks
Hello, Thanks for the query. You both should see your doctor who can confirm if it is Chicken pox or other skin rash problem. Does any of you get sharp pain anywhere ? To answer your question, Chicken pox can happen in anyone witChatDoctorpromised immunity. Also, there might be simultaneous bacterial infection too. Treatment is generally symptomatic but if your doctor confirms it as Chicken pox, he might do some test to find the cause AND he can advise vaccine. Hope you get better soon!
HelloYour problem may be due to over excitement during talk with opposite sex. It can be overcome by gradual exposure to such situation. You shouldn't stop talking to females, instead try to talk more for short duration. Gradually you can increase time spent. You should avoid provocative literature and videos. You should try to be calm and try to engage yourself in your job. If condition persists the may need psychological counselling. Get well soon. Take Care
Hi and thank you for using Chat Doctor. Cysts in the kidneys are commonly found in people as we age.  The finding of a few simple cysts on an ultrasound in and of itself would not warrant further evaluation. The findings of a cyst that would warrant further evaluation would be large size (right around where his are or greater), complexity of the cyst by imaging which would indicate that it is not just fluid-filled or any masslike characteristics. If the original imaging was done in May 2011 and there has been no change in the size, it would seem unlikely to be of any significance. To reassure yourself, I would suggest that you request an MRI to further characterize the cyst as well as urine cytology. Benign findings on an MRI and negative urine cytology would be highly reassuring without the need for further extensive workup.
Hi, You took Closed form 3rd to 7th day. Size of follicle is 10 mm only. That follicle will normally grow to 18-24 mm at time of ovulation. So your follicle size does not indicate ovulation. When follicle size reach 18-24 mm, it has high chance of ovulation. Rupture of follicle in USG scan suggests ovulation. USG is better tool to know ovulation time compared to ovulation test. You can ask doctor for Tablet Metformin to induce ovulation Chat Doctor shot, Progesterone and Ova care pill. If medicine will no response then go for ovarian Chat Doctor. Avoid stress, take healthy diet,
Hello dear, thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your situation and problem. Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with stage 3b is inoperable and hence incurable. Only treatment option is palliative chemotherapy and radiotherapy. Lung surgery is contraindicated and carries life-threatening risk. Since, you had taken plenty of radiation and chemotherapy, better to start palliative treatment in the form of nutrition and pain management. Better to discuss end of life issues with your family. Start centrally acting painkiller for pain relief. There is nothing much to be done in your case, so accept the situation.
Urinary tract infection could be a possible cause of low back pain. Please complete the full course of antibiotics and see if she gets relief. Another possible cause of such pain could be improper posture during sitting or lying down which may trigger spasm of the lower back muscles. She needs to learn certain back exercises from a physical therapist and that should help. Hot compress is likely to give her some relief.
Hi, with respect to your quest, it looks like desquamative lesion. Are you a smoker? If so please stop it for this kind of situations it is always better you visit your dentist because u have mentioned within a day it started spreading. Hope this is useful. Sores could be the authors ulcers. If you are under stress either due to work load or any other reasons also could be the cause. I suggest you consult your dentist. Regards Chat Doctor.
HiT hank you for your question to Chat Doctor. Leg pain and weakness can stem from pressure or intrinsic pathology of the nerve. To find out the cause and location of your problem I would recommend getting Electromyography and Nerve Conduction testing (EMG/NCV) of left leg. For my patients I would also get MRI of the lumbar spine because lumbar disc herniation is a common pathology that causes leg pain and weakness. Rarely thoracic disc herniation (midback) can lead to such symptoms and MRI of the thoracic spine would be the next step if no correlating picture is found in lumbar spine. Hope this is helpful. I will be happy to answer any questions you may have.
Based on your symptoms, it seems that you are suffering from Chronic Pain Disorder which is affecting your neck. The tingling and numbness sensation is called Paresthesia and the disturbance of memory is also commonly associated with this condition.
Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. You have slightly elevated sugar and lipids. And you shouldn't be worried. Your SGPT is also mildly elevated and there might be some minor liver fatty changes as a part of metabolic syn Chat Doctor.  Other findings are very good. All of these can be treated by changing dietary habits and do more exercise. There is no need for medications. You can do liver ultrasounds to check any liver changes, but there is no need to hurry. Eat less sugar and fats. And avoid alcohol. This is most important. Wish you good health.
hide you snore at night, have interrupted sleep, excessive daytime sleepiness, if yes it suggests OSA, and it needs a treatment, and it could be a cause for elevated heart rate. Also smoking, low hemoglobin, anxiety, some medicine like inhalers may lead to it. One thyroid test should also be done. Anyway if no reason is found you should monitor your at rest pulse rate and if high need to take medicine beta blocker like Metoprolol. So you should discuss with local doctor. For your cholesterol you should avoid fatty, sugary diet and regular exercises. Also get tablets like atorvastatin 10 mg bedtime prescribed from local doctor and continue this lifetime since this medicine has got cardio protective effect.
Hi thanks for asking question. Noted she has stage 4 cancer with widespread metastasis. So as liver metastasis is present hypoalbumnemia can be there with sodium and water retention lead edema feet. Take low salt diet. Diuretic can be taken. Less fatty food eaten... Continue with chemotherapy and other Chat Doctor. Prognosis not good in your case as tumor already metastasize. So take care of her till survival.
1. you may consult a homeopathic specialist on how to use the selected medicines according to your growth and development (physical+mental).2. Because Hashimoto thyroid its is also called as autoimmune thyroiditis, thus Immunomodulator (Malayan) treatment has to be given side by side.3. Because your immune system will be time and again attacking your thyroid gland, dose has to be adjusted in timely manner, so remain in touch with your attending physician,
Hello, I think this is an allergic reaction to the products that you are using and the best way to fight it is not to use these products anymore.  Also, you can take a tablet of an antihistamine such Cetirizine at night for at least 5 days. If you see swollen lips, difficulty breathing you can go to ER for epinephrine and prednisone injections.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor.
Welcome to Chat Doctor I have gone through your query and understand your concern. You have nonspecific pains. These are likely to be due to vitamin deficiencies. You can get your vitamin B 12 and vitamin D3 test. If found low you can take supplements of these. Calcium and trace elements supplements are helpful in relieving it. You can discuss with your doctor about it. Hope your query get answered. If you have any clarification then don't hesitate to write to us. I will be happy to help you. Wishing you a good health. Take care.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. You are having allergies, chest pain and weight loss. So we should first rule out allergic bronchitis in your case. Bronchitis can cause pleurisy and this pleurisy can cause chest pain. Bronchitis if untreated can lead to weight loss. So better to consult pulmonologist and get done clinical examination of respiratory system and PFT (pulmonary function test). PFT will not only diagnose bronchitis, but it will also tell you about severity of the disease and treatment is based on severity only. You will mostly improve with inhaled bronchodilator and inhaled corticosteroids (ICS). Don't worry, you will be alright. First diagnose yourself and then start appropriate treatment. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks
Hi, For pregnancy, you need to have ad Chat Doctor. I am assuming that all these have been checked and are OK. Siphene (Camphene) is given when we are anticipating ovarian problems, if you have not been diagnosed with PCs or ovulation problem, taking Camphene will not increase your chances of pregnancy. Phaeton can be given to help implantation, but as such has no role. Please consult an infertility specialist and do not take sphere empirically without a clear diagnosis. As every medicine has side effects which have to be discussed. Hope this helps. Regards.
Hello, thanks for posting on Chat Doctor, It is clearly a side effect of demo proverb shot you just took. You need to report this as soon as possible to your doctor. The following a some serious side effects that you might experience while on demo, and you are required to call your doctor as soon as possible. - Migraine headache, double vision-Numbness or weakness in your arm or leg, or on one side of your body.- Pain in your lower leg (calf).- Severe pain in your stomach or abdomen, especially on only one side.- Sudden or severe headache, problems with vision, speech, or walking.- Unusual bleeding from your vagina. Some medications might be provided to tamper the adverse effects of demo. Hope this helps
Hi, I agree with your decision to call your doctor to alert them to how your condition appears to be getting worse since I'm sure they will want you to come back to see them quickly in order to do an examination and determine what the best course of action would be to help stop these passing out spells.  I would not wait at all for the next appointment since your doctor may even wish to put you in the hospital for observation given the fact you are still in the 1st trimester and further complications could risk the viability of the pregnancy. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hello, thank you for consulting with Chat Doctor. As you are mentioning that stitching of gums were done 10 days back and now also you are having pain, it looks that there is some infection still left there as 10 days is quite a long time healing starts till this time and pain subsides. You should visit your dentist again and get an x-ray done of that region, to get confirmed about the infection. Hope it will help you. Regards
Hi ! Good evening. I am Chat Doctor answering your query. If I were your doctor, with your history of surgery for IN 3 and the present symptoms of bleeding and a swollen node on your groin, I would not hesitate to refer you to your operating surgeon/gynecologist at the earliest possible to rule out any relationship of these symptoms to the original problem. The treating doctor might perform a physical examination of yours followed possibly by an ult around/CT scan of the pelvic cavity and also FNAC of the lymph node swelling in the groin to arrive at a possible diagnosis. I hope this information would help you in discussing with your family physician/treating doctor in further management of your problem. Please do not hesitate to ask in case of any further doubts. Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor to clear doubts on your health problems. Wishing you an early recovery. Chat Doctor.
Hi, I did review your concern. Labetalol is a safe Chat Doctor.  I would recommend you to consult your obstetrician if you are planning to get pregnant. There should not be any pressure related problems for conceiving apart from the risk of Pregnancy related Hypertension which can be nicely managed with great antihypertensives these days. However, your age puts you at risk of certain congenital problems in your child so a prenatal regular check up with serum markers and ultrasounds is mandatory for you. Forever, start taking folic acid after consultation with your gynecologist, it is always healthy for the fetus. Wish you all the best my friend Good luck
Degree understand your concerns went through your description. I suggest you not to worry much. You must understand that pus is the result of infection, which happens whenever a cut is left untreated. But in your case, it seems not infected. The pus like liquid could be semen. Before concluding or self diagnosing, please do consult a physician. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck. Merry Christmas.
HelloThanks for posting here. The symptoms you have mentioned can be caused by pleurisy. Pleurisy is an infection of the outer covering of the lungs called the pleura. It can cause pain along the ribs increasing on deep breathing, fever, breathing difficulty and cough. It takes about two weeks to be cured hence you may feel weak and dizzy. Another reason here may be due to antibiotics. Some people do not tolerate antibiotics and have dizziness after antibiotic use. So keep taking the medications you have been prescribed and if you don't feel fine after three more days (total 5 days on antibiotics, you must visit your doctor and get your antibiotics changed. At this point of time just two days after pleurisy, you need not be worried. Just give your body and antibiotics time to fight. Wishing you good healthRegards
Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, Asthma is condition where there will be hyper responsive by reached bronchial tree following exposure to an irritant. The irritants may be microorganisms, food, dust, mites, pollen and chemicals, exposure to any of these to which you are very sensitive will stimulate the mucosal cells of respiratory tree to release histamine and causes narrowing of the bronchioles and produces the symptoms of asthma. If you are able to identify the triggering factor which is causing these symptoms, you can avoid those and prevent the occurrence of the episodes. You can identify the allergens by undergoing skin prick test and find out the allergen and try to avoid them. Thank you.
Hello! Welcome to Chat Doctor. Pain in right lower abdomen has many causes like appendicular pathology, tubo-ovarian conditions, stone in right ureter... You haven't mentioned fever, any urinary complaints & about stools. In my clinic, I advise ultrasound abdomen & pelvis, X-ray PUB, urine routine, stool routine, CBC. Treatment is done accordingly. Hope this information is useful to you. Wish you speedy recovery. Thanks. Regards.
HelloThanks for your query. As the home pregnancy tests are negative, do not worry. Even sex just after periods has very low risk of pregnancy, and foreplay further reduces this chance.the pill can delay your normal period by a week, or even 10 days. Stress, anxiety, thyroid hormone dysfunction, polycystic ovaries - all can delay your periods too. If she does not have her period within the next 5 days, consult a gynecologist for the same. All the best.
Hi thanks for contacting Chat Doctor. Noted you have only complained of chest pain... Here most probability is off muscular strain that can lead pain... It will take some time to heal tear in muscle. Rest done and analgesic taken.... This strain can occur as by heavyweight lift or any unaccustomed activity.... If you have gastritis like abdominal condition then it can lead referred chest pain. If still pain continues then chest x-ray done for further work up with your physical examination esp.auscultation... Take care. Chat Doctor.
Hi, There is no medication which can cure or prevent Chicken pox. Tampico is an antibiotic, something that affects bacteria & Chicken pox is a virus !! How can it help. It only reduces secondary infections after you get chicken pox. If your partner has chickenpox, better you delay attempting for pregnancy till fully healthy. When male gets infections-their sperm count, motility & health is reduced. So pregnancy chances are low. In women - Ovulation may not occur due to fever. But incidentally if you get pregnant, the virus in chicken pox & fever itself will cause certain irreparable damages in the baby. Either it will end in abortion or baby with certain defects warranting abortion. So I would advise you to wait for the infection to completely leave your house for you to try for pregnancy. Hope I have cleared your overall the best Chat Doctor.
Hi, Unfortunately, there is no specific medication treatment, non-pharmacological, and no surgical approach to congenital cerebellar degeneration.  FBI q is an antioxidant whose biochemical properties allow it to support energy production chemical reactions within cells.  However, this is not in and of itself a way of stopping or reversing the chronic neurodegenerative process.  We do not understand how or why this process begins in the first place.  It is not an unreasonable pharmacy agent to use, but there is nothing any more specific either, so I think you can continue using it. The major side effects of this medication are the following:Gastric discomfort loss of appetitediarrheanauseaskin rash, and heart burn If are not suffering from any of these side effects...or even if you are and the symptoms are mild or tolerable perhaps, it would be reasonable to ask your doctor whether you can INCREASE the dose. To see if more effect can be realized.  Another form of treatment for this disorder would be to engage in VESTIBULAR REHABILITATION which can ad Chat Doctor.  I hope this answers your query. I remain at your disposal in case further medical assistance is needed. Wish you the best of health. Thank you.
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thank you for your query. It is unfortunate that you were not informed about sexual abstinence for at least 3-6 weeks after a cesarean section. But, nothing can be done about that now. Do not worry. The only reason why sexual intercourse is restricted for this duration, is because we need to give the body time to heal, and sexual intercourse delays that. So nothing serious to worry about, from the last date of sexual, I would request you to abstain from sexual intercourse for at least 3-4 weeks. I am sure everything will be fine by then. If you experience any other symptoms in between, feel free to write back to me or visit your doctor. I hope I have succeeded in providing the information you were looking for. Please feel free to write back to me for any further clarifications at: http://doctor.ChatDoctor .com/doctors/ Chat Doctor.  I would gladly help you. Best wishes.
Hi, Dear,Thanks for your query to Chat Doctor. Studied your query in full depth of its details. Reviewed it in context of your health concerns. Based on the facts of your query, You seem to suffer from-Sebaceous Cyst with reactivated infection / or could be from boil. Needs to be concerned, as it could complicate in to abscess or big swelling. Hope this reply would satisfy you and would help you to plan further treatment with your doctor there. Welcome any further query in this regard, which would be replied in next session. Will appreciate YOU, to write your excellent review feedback comments of this service experience, to help the needy patient visitors like YOU, at Chat Doctor services. Good Day!! Chat Doctor. N. Senior Surgical Specialist. S. Genl-CVTS
Hi, welcome to our site. I am Chat Doctor, MD. Read your query. That is a very significant question and I appreciate your problem. I will try my best to answer your query would have personally suggested that you have an MRI of the spine to make sure that there was no serious medical condition affecting you. Now I don't know what you mean by "bc" in relation to what the doctor told you. But I don't think an UTI could really explain the backache, unless it is because the pain is affecting the other parts of the urinary system as well. I personally would suggest to my patient an MRI, OT at least an X-ray of the spine. And may have added a prescription of methycolbal, and suggested physiotherapy and fomentation hope this helps you. Inform the reports mentioned above/if any other, so I can be of help further. I have given you the answer to the maximum considering the information provided. The results of the tests could further enhance my answer to you. Please do understand that some details could be extracted from a detailed history and examination. Please feel free to ask another query. I would be glad to help you. Looking forward to your return query with the details asked so that I can help you further. (If the answer has helped you, please indicate this)Best of luck.
Hello, Since you have developed this problem after prolonged stooped posture so that is the one thing that needs to be avoided. The computer screen should be at level with your eyes so that you don't have to bend to look at it. It is unlikely to cause paralysis, however you must stick to the physiotherapy advises. Gastrointestinal problems should not aggravate it. Currently, physiotherapy and medicine are the recommended treatments apart from periodic rests to your neck. Good luck.
Hi, I had gone through your question and understand your concerns. In every case of this is available, it should be always accepted to have home dialysis since this is more practical and may spare you lot of time and be less psychologically traumatic. The obvious advantage of peritoneal dialysis is that regular visits to a dialysis unit aren't required, and it can be carried out at home without needing any bulky hemodialysis equipment. One of the main disadvantages of peritoneal dialysis is that it needs to be carried out every day, which you may find very disruptive and another major disadvantage of peritoneal dialysis is that you're at risk of developing peritonitis however this is rarely seen and usually signs of this infection will be obvious, so you will consult doctor on time if it happens. Hope this answers your question. If you have additional questions or follow-up questions then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your questions. Wishing you good health.
Hello, I had gone through your question carefully and can understand your concern very well.  As you were being treated with accolades like clindamycin for a week and accolades most commonly acid stable erythromycin estate leads to hepatitis like features and that can raise AST and ALT levels. Also, incidence of hepatitis like features are high in pregnant women.  So in my opinion, because you were pregnant and treated with accolades (clindamycin), AST and ALT levels can be high due to antibiotics. No need to worry about it, as it will normalize by itself after discontinuation of Chat Doctor.  I would suggest you to repeat the AST and ALT levels after a week, and it will be normal mostly. Don't get stressed and be relaxed. Also continue your breastfeeding, as it will not have any impact on your baby.  Hope this answers your question and let me know directly if you have any further queries.
Hi, dear. I have gone through your question. I can understand your concern.  If you have enlarged lymph node not responding to the treatment then you should go for either biopsy or FNAC of lump. It will clear the picture.  Then you should take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You may have some hemorrhoid (piles).  You should go for per rectal examination to confirm that.  Two type of treatment is available. One is conservative. You should take plenty of water and high fiber diet.  Avoid constipation.  Avoid spicy and oily food.  Take laxative if needed.  This will help you to relieve symptoms. Permanent treatment of choice is surgery.  Consult your doctor and plan accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Thanks for consulting at Chat Doctor. It is not uncommon for child Chat Doctor.  However, prolonged tiredness extending whole day needs clinical evaluation. Tiredness in kids might be due to Anemia low hemoglobin), lack of sleep, chronic allergy or asthma, heart diseases, type 1 diabetes, chronic infections etc. Most common cause is anemiaConsult your doctor. He will do detailed clinical examination and may ask some investigations like CBC, BSL etc. to confirm exact diagnosis.
. Thank you for your query. It sounds like STD and this must be ruled out first, but some other disorders can cause it as well such as folliculitis, allergy reaction, irritation or sebaceous gland inflammation.  You should do urethral swab test to investigate the exact causative agent.  It can be viral or bacterial infection. If there is discharge, pain while urinating or pain in testicles it can be bacterial STD. Most common viruses are herpes, HPV and molluscan contagious. Before tests, visit your GP or pharmacist and ask for some antiviral and antifungal local treatment. Wish you good health.
Hello, The mentioned red rash doesn't need to be specific problem of the glans penis. It can be due to some irritation of penis skin.  You can wear loose cotton underwear and avoid tight-fitting clothes. You can apply mild steroid cream over that.  Keep your genitals clean and Chat Doctor.  If no improvement then consults a nearby doctor for a detailed evaluation or post photo of the lesion. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care
Hi, I'm sorry to hear you've been diagnosed with a bone infection. I can understand your question as the treatment for a bone infection takes a long time, often for at least six weeks. If the MRI showed signs of infection and other markers like C-reactive protein were high, you could presume there was a bone infection.  If they did a blood culture that grew a bacterium, or did a bone biopsy that showed infection, that would support the diagnosis, but is not absolutely necessary. Even though all your blood work looks good now, and you don't have any symptoms, I would encourage you to finish the treatment your doctor has started until complete, since it takes a long time to clear an infection in the bone, and it may seem like you're healed but if you stop antibiotics early the infection may come back. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hello, Thank you for posting on Chat Doctor. It seems you are suffering from Tina courts and corporal, a kind of fungal infection. I usually recommend proper course of oral antifungal Chat Doctor.  You can additionally use antifungal dusting powder containing ketoconazole during daytime and a soap containing ketoconazole for rinsing of affected areas. Take oral antihistamines for itching as required.Don't worry about the darkness in the affected area, it will resolve on it own once fungal infection is completely treated. Maintain hygiene over those areas and avoid wearing tight undergarments. Hope your queries are resolved and wish you best of health. Kindly spare some time to rate my answer and
Thanks for your query, I have gone through your query. The bleeding gums could be because of the deposits leading to gum infection. Usually during orthodontic treatment the maintained of the praline is impaired because of the braces. Consult an oral physician and get your teeth cleaned and use mouth wash. You can use gum astringent after getting the teeth cleaned. You can take a cotton applicator and apply only on the gums, so that it will not affect the teeth. I hope my answer will help you, take care.
Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. I can assure you, anxiety, stress, constipation and cold are conditions which could increase the blood pressure. Blood pressure measurement is done over a period of two to three weeks at different day times continuously, to diagnose. Your doctor should appraise you of these details. Psychotherapy techniques should suit your requirement. If you require more of my help in this aspect, Please post a direct question to me in this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe the needed psychotherapy techniques. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.
Hello, Holes in gums while eating almonds will not happen in normal cases. A thorough clinical and radiological evaluation is required by a dentist.Meanwhile, plenty of fluids and fruits including vegetables has to be administered. Vitamin becomes, c,iron and folic acid has to be administered. Use soft interdental toothbrush and dental floss to clean your teeth. Use chlorhexidine mouth rinse to gargle. Take complete course of antibiotics prescribed. Take care.
First, he has hepatitis C. So the hepatitis C may have cause the liver problems, not necessarily the nuroblastoma or the chemotherapy can be blamed for the liver issues. The infection is a strong risk factor for liver failure too. As for the surgery, usually a check-up is always performed before a big surgery. Chances are that his levels were normal then. In that case, a doctor cannot always predict if the failure will result in times to come. Besides, we have to take into account what is the most dangerous condition for the patient. Some hard decisions are usually taken according to what will benefit the patient most. Usually this is done in consultation with the family of the patient
Hello, your cholesterol measurements are very different (about 30%). Have you been taking any cholesterol lowering Chat Doctor?  Please keep in mind that very lower cholesterol levels are related to cancer (but they don't cause cancer themselves) and there's a seemingly strange relation with traffic accidents as well! You haven't mentioned your age and weight. Both play a major role in cholesterol levels. For example if you've lost too much weight then lower cholesterol levels are expected (despite not that low). Anyway, you can't do anything about that, and if you're otherwise healthy then enjoy your atherosclerosis free blood vessels! I hope I've helped! If you do have more questions, please ask and I'll be glad to help more! Kind Regards!
Dear user, Thanks for writing to Chat Doctor. I have gone through your question and understand your concerns. Masturbation in private or with a partner is a normal and healthy part of sexual enjoyment. Sexual arousal and orgasm releases certain chemicals in your brain which alleviates stress and induces relaxation. Sexual intercourse is of course not bad hence masturbation. There are no negative effects on your health and sex life. Relax. Wish you good health.
Hi welcome to Chat Doctor... You have history of gall bladder surgery .... You are having pain while urination... So it could be stone somewhere in urinary tract or acute urinary tract infection .... The infection could be secondary to surgery . Investigate your case with ....1. Urine routine microscopic examination. (First initial portion of urine is discarded and urine collected early in morning)2. Urine culture only if needed 3.USG abdomen 4.CRP You need to give full course of antibiotic along with urinary alkalinize like potassium citrate ... Avoid excess spicy foods .... Take care Advise : Consult your treating surgeon or physician for detail history & examination...
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. In my opinion, we should first rule out cardiac cause for your chest pain. So get done ECG to rule out cardiac cause. If ECG is normal than no need to worry much for cardiac cause. Coughing for 2 weeks with chest pain can be seen in lung infection (pneumonia). So get done chest x-ray to rule out lung infection. If chest x-ray is normal than no need to worry much lung infection. You may have upper respiratory tract infection mostly. So Chat Doctor.  Avoid hot and spicy food. Warm water gargles 5-6 times a day. Take antihistamine and anti-inflammatory
Hi I think your sister-in-law has undergone a laparoscopy operation. The cleaning of tubes means if any block was there in the tubes' cannulation was done. It is a procedure where anesthesia is given so it doesn't hurt. But in your case I think before laparoscopy you can go for a HSG that is a tubal patency test. It is simpler than a laparoscopy and will tell you regarding your tubes. You can try GUI after HSG if your tubes are OK. Hope I have answered your question. If you have any other query I will be happy to help.
Hello, Thanks for using Chat Doctor.First I like to inform you that bipolar disorder can be treated effectively but no cure (elimination) exists on the current day. Most patients with bipolar disorder need long term treatment as there is ongoing disease process which needs control with use of effective medications. For the bipolar depression following options are available on the current day1. Seroquel2. Latuda3. Aborigine and4. Olanzapine and fluoxetine combination It is important to visit your psychiatrist to discuss the merits and demerits of each recommended medication. In case you are having bipolar 2 depression Seroquel is the only option while for bipolar 1 depression any of them can be used for effective control of disease. I must assure you that with right medication there is good chance that you will recover to your true potential. I hope this helps you. Feel free to write back to me if you have more questions. Thanks again.
Hi. Thanks for your query. The pain in the right kidney and appendix area, shivering, fever, nausea inability to walk... all these symptoms can be suggestive of severe Pyelonephritis - a condition in which the infection of the urinary tract is so severe that even the kidneys get infected. This may not be found on CT and USG. I would advise her the following:Urine culture and sensitivity Blood culture and sensitivity. Urea, creatinine and all other relevant test. Admission to the hospitalIntravenous therapy of fluids and broad-spectrum antibiotics.
Hi, Thank you for posting your query. We need to examine the eye movements in all directions. If the eye does not move to any side, then you should see your neurologist as early as possible. However, if the eye movements are good and normal, then you may wait. These symptoms are not related to temporal arthritis. Please get back if you require any additional information. Best wishes, Chat Doctor. Ly/
Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor Forum. Percutaneous Nephrolithotomy is a procedure where surgeon makes a small incision in the back to remove kidney stones. He/she then puts a hollow tube into the kidney and a probe through the tube. It is done either under, general, regional or spinal anesthesia. A small catheter inserted into the kidney will Chat Doctor.  Your father will be needed to stay in the hospital for 2 to 3 days and take rest for a week. The procedure should take 1 to 2 hours on an average but depending upon the Doctors expertise, it can be earlier or later than this. Since he is Diabetic, there is a risk that his sugars may fluctuate due to stress and medications. 156 is on the higher side, and he needs Insulin to prevent this.  This does not guarantee that he will get addicted to it. He may require Insulin after 10 years of his Diabetic status. I wish him Good Health, Take Care.
Hi. Thanks for your query and an elucidated history. The pain must have been due to torsion of the ovary or a large cyst. You should at least get an examination and more important an ultrasonography as a minimum required investigation to know the exact problem. You may not have another attack but if the torsion is still present, you may have to get operated, irrespective of whether you have insurance or not.
Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Based on the information you have given, looks like you may have non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Most patients with NAFLD are asymptomatic, however, abnormal liver function test (like in your case) and hyperlipidemia (particularly triglycerides) are common. I also see that your body mass index is about 37 (normal: 19 to 25). Obesity is directly linked to NAFLD and in this regard I will advise you to gradually reduce weight by adopting lifestyle changes such as diet and exercise. In contrast, rapid weight loss may worsen your condition. Liver ultrasound will help establish the diagnosis but liver biopsy is confirmatory. I will advise that you to consult your physician and have your condition examined. In addition, I will advise taking insulin sensitizing Chat Doctor.
Hi, He is having a condition called atrial septal defect(ASD). It is a congenital problem and might cause many problems in adulthood. Small ASDs will close by itself.  But in this case, the size is quite large and hence surgical repair may be required. Consult a cardiac surgeon, and he will direct you accordingly. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor.
Thanks for keeping trust with us. .as per your history you are taking magnesium twice a day to control symptoms. . In my opinion more than that can increase farm level of magnesium that can create additional problems ....so better to consult your fashion before you increase the doses. ...at present to relevé symptoms u can a start a calcium supplement and an analgesic like tab tramadol 50 mg SOS basis. .
Hello, I read carefully your query and understand your concern. The symptoms can be related to many medical conditions. One of the common conditions is atomic dermatitis, which is an inflammation of the skin. In such a case I suggest using antihistamines such as Cetirizine daily. I also suggest using a mild steroid cream for a local application. In case that you don't get better you should see a dermatologist and get evaluated. Hope my answer was helpful. If you have further queries feel free to contact me again. Kind regards!  Chat Doctor.
Hi, From the history what I suppose you have is Cryoglobulinemia disease from the group disease called vasculitis. Though this is a provisional diagnosis, I would like you to once again go for urine and blood test to verify any involvement of kidney and NY raise in WBC count respectively.Also, to do a stress test as you feel breathlessness on power walking. Even though the test is very negative previously, but there are chances that they are false negative. Hope this helps you in diagnosing your condition and apt treatment. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care and hope for your quick recovery.
Hi Thereafter going through your query I understand your concern. I would like to tell you that your BP is on lower side and might be the reason for dizziness and fatigue. Many factors cause Low BP like heart problem, endocrine disorder, deny Chat Doctor.  Cause of symptomatic Low BP should be evaluated to prevent complications. Kindly get you blood sugar, ECG and an Electrocardiography done and consult with a Cardiologist/Physician for further management. Hope this will Help kind Regards
Hi, Bruising and calf pain following injury may be due to calf muscle strain with bruising. Bruising may be due to blood vessels injury lead to blood leakage lead to hematoma formation. Avoid exertion, use compression, take rest. Elevate the limb. Use NSAIDs if necessary. If symptoms not improved please consult your physician he will examine and treat you accordingly. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Based on your symptoms, it sounds like you might be experiencing preeclampsia. This is a serious pregnancy complication that can cause high blood pressure, damage to organs, and other symptoms. We need to do some tests and monitor your health closely to ensure the safety of you and your baby.
Hello share your concern. Full bowel and bladder may cause problem in erection especially in maintaining erection, as full bowel exerts pressure on the genital organ. For good erection you should be in well comfortable position, bladder empty and regular bowel movement. I would advise you to take antiacidity medicine like pantoprazole or sanitizing group of Chat Doctor. Burping might be related to number of conditions like Aerophobia (swallowing of air), smoking, use of carbonated
The tingling may be a nerve compression(median nerve). Consult a neurologist. U may need an MRI of cervical spine to rule out any disc herniation at levels C5 to T1 which may impinge upon the exiting nerve roots on the left side thereby making you get the symptoms on your left thumb and index. U need to have a nerve conduction test done to check out any nerve affection. Check out if you have any difficulty lifting objects or so. Initially the doctor may recommend physiotherapy and a course of cryptomeria/Lyrics. Regarding your heart Chat Doctor.
Dear serve understand your concerns went through your details. Hallucinations are where someone sees, hears, smells, tastes or feels things that don't exist outside their mind. They're common in people with schizophrenia, and are usually experienced as hearing voices. In your husbands' case you should consult a psychiatrist near your home at the earliest. If you require more of my help in this aspect, please use this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.
Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor .com I am Chat Doctor. Mariano Into Bruno Mascaras. I have gone through your query with diligence and would like you to know that I am here to help you. This is medical emergency your sister to ER at once Hope you found the answer helpful. If you need any clarification / have doubts / have additional questions / have follow-up questions, then please do not hesitate in asking again. I will be happy to answer your questions. In the future, for continuity of care, I encourage you to contact me directly in Chat Doctor at http://bit.ly/ask
Hello, It may be due to urinary tract infection. For that you may require complete hologram, urinalysis, ultrasound abdomen after urologist consultation. You may require antibiotics after consultation. For pain, you can take tablet acetaminophen. You may require spy. Vital. Keep your self HY Chat Doctor.  Maintain proper hygiene. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi Welcome to Chat Doctor Yes you are right when implantation is unsuccessful menstruation follows. If you have not taken any treatment in this cycle then your periods will come as usual but if u have taken treatment then your cycle may vary and timing of periods may change. Yes unsuccessful implantation is sign of infertility. There are various known and unknown factors which leads to implantation failure. You need to be evaluated thoroughly and then treated. Take care.
Hello, Just by having blood and pus discharge from your gums, you can't say it's a cancer. There are many dental and oral conditions which give the same clinical appearance as you say. It can be either due to periodontal access (cause due to gum infection) , periapical access (caused due to carious tooth which has reached the nerve of the tooth and made it infectious), erupting and infectious tooth which again causes gum infection. So you need not worry so much. Just give a quick visit to your dental surgeon to get a proper diagnosis after clinical examination. Thanks Chat Doctor.
Stage 4 lung cancer which has spread to brain has a very poor prognosis. Palliative RT to brain may relieve some symptoms. If his type of cancer is adenocarcinoma then a particular test called EFR mutation test from biopsy block may be of help. If EFR mutation is positive then oral chemotherapy Erlotinib, Gefitinib can be given even in poor general condition of the patient. The main side effects of Erlotinib and gefitinib is skin rash and diarrhea which can be managed with lactocalamine lotion and operative. The development of skin rash is good prognosis. For mood swings u can give haloperidol Chat Doctor.
Hi, Blood pressure levels are quite individual, some people can have high blood pressure in the morning, some in the evening and some during the whole day. Actually sleep apnea can contribute to the rise of blood pressure in the morning and at night. In this case treatment of sleep apnea is indicated. Usually I prescribe blood pressure medications at night such patients, to have maximum protection during night and in the morning. Hope I could help nourishing you good health In case of further questions don't hesitate to ask
Hello, Thanks for your query. I am happy to help you here. What was the reason of fall? As you said bruises all over the body, it can happen is some bleeding tendencies like decrease platelet count etc. Without doing a minute late take him to ER or GP. Some blood tests a required to be done immediately. If anything serious needs to be managed as early as possible. I hope I answered your query. Thank you Chat Doctor.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. In my opinion, since your cardiac work up is normal, you should get done PFT (Pulmonary Function Test) to rule out bronchitis.  As many times bronchitis appears only as Highness of chest and cough develops later. So this can be early bronchitis. Another possibility is HERD (Castro Esophageal Reflux Disease). In this there is laxity of gastroesophageal sphincter. Due to this the acid of the stomach tends to come up and cause the symptoms. So HERD is another possibility in your case.
Hello have studied your case, Bleeding can be due to infection or skin disease. You may need to start tab deflazacort consulting your doctor. You may get symptomatic relief with tab Cryptomeria which you can start consulting your doctor. Another possibility is mixed infections with fungal and bacterial infections in which local application both antifungal and antibacterial creams are required. Keep good hygiene of skin. Hope this answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your queries. Wishing you good health. Take care.
Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor forum.  The denture should be evaluated after 10 days of the removal of the teeth. Then the work started to have the molds done and denture prepared, it should not be kept immediately.  The removable dentures should be removed daily, and kept separately, and to be kept in the morning.  Avoid eating very hard foods, and hot foods. Now I advise you to consult your doctor for diagnosis and treatment.  Take more of green leafy vegetables, pulses, sprouts, and protein rich foods to hasten the recovery.  Wishing for a quick and complete recovery. Thank you.
Hi, welcome to our site. I am Chat Doctor, MD. Read your query. That is a very significant question and I appreciate your problem. I will try my best to answer your everywhere is a possibility that you have some persistent issue with the back. Ideally some imaging modality needs to be done. However, till that time, I would suggest a regular physiotherapy, fomentation and a prescription of pregabalin and methylcobalaminI hope this helps you. Inform the reports mentioned above/if any other, so I can be of help further. I have given you the answer to the maximum considering the information provided. The results of the tests could further enhance my answer to you. Please do understand that some details could be extracted from a detailed history and examination. Please feel free to ask another query. I would be glad to help you. Looking forward to your return query with the details asked so that I can help you further. (If the answer has helped you, please indicate this)Best of luck.
Hallow Dear, Morning after emergency birth control pill Next Choice is a Levonorgestrel pill. This is Progesterone pill. Therefore, few days after taking the pill some amount of bleeding is expected when the levels of Levonorgestrel in the blood start Chat Doctor.  However, such bleeding is usually not heavy bleeding. If heavy bleeding is your usual tendency during menstruation, this bleeding also may be heavy. If the bleeding continues further in such fashion, I would advise you to report to a Gynecologist to investigate and stop bleeding. The menses after Next Choice are reported to be heavier than normal. I hope this helps you.
Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor ! Dear, as you have informed, your LMP was 25 Dec, so If we take a regular 30-day cycle, you might have ovulated around 9-10 Jan. The ovum (egg) will not remain viable for fertilization 48 hr after ovulation, so It's highly unlikely that you had a fertilizable ovum in you at the time of sexual intercourse. Therefore, chances of pregnancy are remote. Still, you may take i-Pill to completely remove the chances but it's not necessary. It only may be that this time your cycle is slight irregular.
You said that you are having symptoms of asthma. Asthma occurs due to allergy with some kind substance, dust or whether. Using your partners inhaler helped you during attacks, but you may not always require it. Oral Albuterol tablets are also available which will help you in these situations. My advice is visited your doctor and get your chest X-ray, WBC count done.  This help you to get the clear picture of your lungs' status. Then accordingly medicine will be prescribed to you.
Hello! Welcome to Chat Doctor. This seems to be a hematoma. Due to trauma, there is small bleeding under the skin, which forms a clot called as hematoma. Nothing is to be done as it resorts spontaneously. Do you have fever? As this suggests presence of infection, antibiotics should be started with your doctors advise. Simple painkillers like diclofenac with serratiopeptidase can be taken after consultation. Hope this information is useful to you. Wish you a good health. Thanks. Regards.
Dear patient First I would like to know which vertebral level was fractured and what surgery was done? Is back pain started recently, or it was there right after surgery?  If you are getting pain for last two years why you waited for so long ? You need to be investigated to find the cause for 1. Left hip pain 2. Right foot Chat Doctor.  I would like to advise 1. Radiograph of lumbosacral spine anteroposterior and lateral views to look for status of vertebra and implants 2.  EMG NCV of right lower limb to look for reason of foot
Hello, I have studied your case. Due to compression of this nerve root there is tingling numbness associated with it. For these symptoms analgesic and neurotrophic medication can be started. Till time, avoid lifting weights, Sit with support to back. You can consult physiotherapist for help. Physiotherapy like ultrasound and inferential therapy will give quick relief. I will advise checking your it B12 and it D3 level. Hope this answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your queries. Wishing you good health. Take care
Hello, Thanks for consulting ChatDoctorRead your query, as you have toothache this pain in tooth can be due to deep carious tooth, decayed tooth, results in formation of Abscess (pus) in tooth or due to pain in wisdom tooth may be impacted and formation of Periodontal Abscess in tooth or due to gingival, periodontal ligament induced secondary to Periodontal Abscess. I will suggest you to consult Oral surgeon for examination and rule out the cause of pain, in meanwhile you can take analgesic like Petrol DT or Aerosol SP AMD do warm saline rinses, and consult dentist for ITA treatment. Hope this will help you.
Hello, thank you for using Chat Doctor. I read your query and understand. An HPV infection is caused by human papillomavirus, a virus from the papillomavirus family, of which over 170 types are known. More than 40 types are transmitted through sexual contact and infect the anus and genitals. Risk factors for persistent HPV infections include early age of first sexual intercourse, multiple partners, smoking, and poor immune function.HPV is typically spread by sustained direct skin-to-skin contact with vaginal and anal sex being the most common methods. Occasionally, it can spread from a mother to her baby during pregnancy. It does not spread via common items like toilet seats.  It is not found in saliva so is not transmitted by licking.  Hope my answer was helpful. Best Regards.
Hello, Pain after 8 weeks of surgery may be related to late complication of the surgery or a different entity itself. Without relevant investigation we can not attribute any cause to it. Hashimotos disease is an autoimmune disease of the thyroid. In that cause you Thyroid function test might have been abnormal. But it was normal. So this cause can be put to rest for the time being. Abnormal RBC's means less oxygen carrying capacity of the RBC. So this produces weakness and low energy level due to oxygen deficiency. Correct your RBC's and hemoglobin.
Hello. Thanks for writing to us at Chat Doctor Most likely it is a fungal infection; fungal infections are common at sites such as groin folds because the fungus gets a chance to proliferate in the moist, humid conditions that prevail in the folds, specially in hot and humid weather conditions like tropical countries. You may use an OTC topical antifungal e.g. clotrimazole 1% cream, twice daily for 4-6 weeks OTC oral antihistamine e.g. cetirizine 10 mg once daily will provide you symptomatic relief from itching. If the condition does not improve as expected you may visit a dermatologist for a review of the diagnosis. A KOH preparation can be made to see whether fungal elements are present or not. It is usually confirmatory in doubtful cases. Regards
Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You may have some benign cyst or enlarged lymph node due to reactive hyperplasia, tuberculosis or lymphoma. You should go for fine needle aspiration cytology or biopsy of that lump. It will give you exact diagnosis. Then you should take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have any doubts then contact me at bit.ly/ Chat Doctor. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Hello, If a type 2 diabetic patient is sleepy, it is a matter of concern. Poor blood sugar control leads to hyperglycemia & it causes tiredness & sleepiness. Control the blood glucose level at all cost. If a patient has dangerously high blood glucose levels or dangerously low blood glucose levels, it can lead to life-threatening medical condition called diabetic coma. Left untreated a diabetic coma can be fatal. You are suggested to get your father clinically examined by a GP or planetologist & get him treated at the earliest. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hello, Circle (Escitalopram) is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor commonly prescribed in the treatment of major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, generalized anxiety, and other conditions. The elimination half-life of Circle is about 27-33 hours and is consistent with once-daily administration, it may take up to four weeks to be fully eliminated from the body. Since you have decided to conceive in the next five years or so, Circle is not going to cause any harmful effects during your pregnancy. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care
Hi, It is not safe to take MMR vaccine while becoming pregnant. As per the Center for Disease Control and Prevention, measles, mumps, rubella (MMR) vaccine, should be given a month or more before pregnancy because of the safety concerns. It can also be safe for you to take MMR right after giving birth, even while you are breastfeeding. If you need to get vaccinated for MMR avoid becoming pregnant until one month after receiving the MMR vaccine. So, in view of the above you may need to take birth control pills for at least one month after taking MMR. Metformin is safe during pregnancy hence it can be taken as prescribed by your doctor. Hope these answer your queries. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Brown urine and protein should be evaluated further. You have not mentioned your age else I could have help you better. Frank blood in urine is mostly due to stone in urinary tract and infection, but there are other causes as well. Testicular pain may be because of orchids or epididymis orchids. But if there is any swelling over testes or in scrotum then it is to be evaluated by ultra sonography (USG). You should also undergo USG abdomen to find the cause of abdominal pain. As you have already undergone CT Scan (abdomen+pelvis presumably) you should wait for the report to come as it won't take much time. Consult with CT report again here.
Hi sir/madam, Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. Ayurvedic medicines indicated in Low backache as per Ayurveda:-1. Maya Yoga juggle.2. Maharani Keisha.3. Rasnaerandadi Keisha.4. Simian juggle.5. Gandharvahastadi Keisha.6. Trayodashanga juggle. And for local application these oils will help:-1. Ksheerabala tail.2. Mahanarayana tail.3. Dhanwantaram tail.4. Maya Narayana tail. Avoid these for better results:-1. Bitter, astringent and pungent food2. Cold water3. Fear4. Exhaustion5. Standing6. Chat Doctor. Cold food and beverages etc. Yoga is also very helpful in treating your backache. Now for your backache do this yoga Asana:-1. Area Mats yen
Hi, As in your previous ER visits panic attacks had been diagnosed. It is usually diagnosed when symptoms (like yours) occur without cardiac illness. SSRIs are very effective treatment for panic attacks. But few patients do not respond due to some of the following reasons:-Hormonal imbalance (like low cortisol in your case)-Medical illness (like pituitary fibroadenoma in your case)-Thyroid dysfunction (possible in your case so get it investigated) So continue SSRIs and get concurrent management of above issues for solution. I hope this information has been both informative and helpful for you. Wish you Good Health.
Hi, Name of the prescribed antibiotic not mentioned however it appears to be safe for the kidneys. Amoxicillin is commonly prescribed to treat urine infection during pregnancy which is considered to be safe. Assuming that your daughter also takes amoxicillin there is nothing to worry it does not cause any harmful effects on the kidneys. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hello misunderstand your concernAccording to your history you missed only one pill at four different time means no decreased in efficacy of pill. You have to wait for pill free week. No need to take new pack. Start new pack from the next first day of period. Please take on same time every day and make habit to take pill regularly by putting reminder in the mobile, so you will not miss the pill. There is no chance of pregnancy. But if no period or period delayed by 10-12 days then go for pregnancy test to diagnose pregnancy. Hope this will help you Best regards
Hello there, Thanks for writing your query, Your clinical history suggests you have traumatized your tongue during biting, this may lead to numbness due to damage to nerve fibers which is temporary. In few days new nerve fibers will generate, and the tongue sensation will definitely come back to normal. Meantime, maintain good oral hygiene.  Start with multivitamin supplements for 7 to 10 days and vitamin C lozenges will help in resolving the problem.  Avoid alcohol, carbonated Chat Doctor.  Apply oral antiseptic, analgesic ointments like denote or mucosal topically over the affected area I hope this helps, take care.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. Since you are smoker, possibility of lower respiratory tract infection (LETI, pneumonia) is high. Your symptoms like chest pain and brown sputum is also favoring pneumonia. In pneumonia, pleurisy (inflammation of pleura) is the cause for chest pain. So you need to consult pulmonologist and get done 1. Clinical examination of respiratory system 2. Chest x-ray. Chest x-ray is needed to rule out pneumonia. You may need antibiotics and antihistamines. But first thing should be smoking cessation as soon as possible.
Hello dear, The symptoms as mentioned in your post suggest that you might be having Pharyngitis & Allergic tracheo-bronchitis. Management includes:1. Gargle with warm salt water to relieve throat pain.2. Analgesics like paracetamol3. Antihistamine preparations like Allegra can be taken for symptomatic relief.4. Montelukast preparations, which is used as a maintenance therapy.5. Maintain adequate HY Chat Doctor. 6. Also make sure that you are well protected from cold, dust & other allergens. If symptoms still persist...it will be better to consult an ENT specialist. Wish you a speedy recovery. Take care.
Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. You must be able to distinguish between depression and disappointment (blues). Disappointment is common and you should overcome that shortly. If your cause of disappointment is panic attack, you should understand that panic attack is due to anxiety. Anxiety could be due to stress or due to some underlying thinking or developmental pattern. Please consult a psychologist to determine what is the source of your anxiety. Most of the anxiety disorders respond well to psychotherapy, yoga and meditation. If you require more of my help in this aspect, Please post a direct question to me in this website. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe the needed psychotherapy techniques which should help you cure your condition further. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.
Hi and thanks so much for this query.If am so sorry to hear about this lump. For the information you have provided, this is suggestive of a possible Bartholdi abscess or cyst. This occurs when the gland traps secretions to accumulate leading to cyst and abscess. I will suggest that you get this followed up by your ORGAN for appropriate diagnosis and management. There is no emergency right, a scheduled appointment visit would be okay. You would be managed accordingly following the final results. I wish you well. I hope this helps you.
Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Based on the facts of your query, You seem to have post shave underarm folliculitis in early stage, which is remains inactive would go, as it is already invisible. It is non-cancerous but an infection of the axillary hair follicle. So don't worry. If it is troublesome Check with Surgeon and get Second opinion on this. Contact with a Followup Premium question to ME. Will appreciate your Hitting thanks and writing excellent review comments to help needy patients like you. Good Day! Chat Doctor. S. Genl-CVTS
Hi, Herpes is not a skin cancer. It is a sexually transmitted infection, so it is infection that you have been in contact due to sexual activity. Generally patients that get one sexually transmitted infection might have other infections as well so in your case because you are having genital warts this might mean that you might have contracted HPV as well which is a sexually transmitted infection as well but is different from herpes. I would recommend you to have a visit with your doctor and have a pap smear (as a routine check) and also discuss the chance of removing the warts. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Welcome to the ChatDoctorI have gone through your question and understand your concerns. I see such cases routinely in my clinical practice. Most common reason for such cases is an allergic tendency of child leading to cough, nasal congestion and enlarged adenoids leading to breathing problems especially in lying position. I usually recommend the following measures to help such cases:1. If possible, avoid allergens responsible for the episode. It can be airborne, insects, soaps and detergents or food products. 2. Start her on Spy. Ben Chat Doctor.  It will also help her sleep peacefully.3. For nasal congestion, you may use Elastane spray which has local antihistamine effect. It helps to relieve nasal congestion and post nasal
Thanks for your query, I have gone through your query. The mobile teeth can be removed if it is grade 3 mobility and if it does not have any bone support. Consult a dental surgeon and get it evaluated. If the mobility is grade 1 or 2, then get the teeth cleaned and can try for grafting and splinting. Meanwhile I would suggest you to take antibiotics like doxycycline 100 twice daily on first day and once daily for next four days(if you are not allergic) which is very effective in gum infection. I hope my answer will help you, take care.
Hello, Chat Doctor.  You indicate symptoms of an infection and the spread of inflammation. You should be on an antibiotic and anti-inflammatory pain medication. I prefer to write a prescription for amoxicillin. Your dentist would decide the best antibiotic for your condition. I suggest requesting a prescription pain medication for use at night and to keep available if your pain increases. You can take nonprescription anti-inflammatory medications such as acetaminophen and ibuprofen. The antihistamine Ben
For a skin polyp, the required medications may include Tretinoin Topical, Benzoyl Peroxide Topical, Ciclopirox Topical, Salicylic Acid Topical, Aluminum Chloride Hexahydrate Topical, Hydroquinone Topical, Adapalene Topical, Benzoyl Peroxide-Clindamycin Topical, Desoximetasone Topical, Imiquimod Topical or Azelaic Acid Topical depending on the severity of the polyp. We can discuss further and decide on the best treatment option for you.
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor. As a Urologist, let me advise you to get examined by a Urologist. From your description, it appears to be a recurrence of the previous mass of kidney, or a similar mass.  After check-up, you'll need to have urine and blood routine tests, including creatinine, sugar,LFT, ultrasound scan of abdomen, and most likely a contrast CT(CENT) scan of the abdomen, with a chest X-ray. According to reports, further treatment will be advised. You're welcome to send a copy of the reports to me, for an expert opinion. Chat Doctor.  Manga.
I have had a patient this past week with this same problem. It is addictive and very difficult to treat. I told this patient what I will tell you. It is important to remove triggers from your environment, things that make you want to masturbate, that remind you of masturbating. Television, videos, internet, magazines... these can all be sources for temptation that make it hard for you to resist. I would start by changing your environment. It also helps to keep a journal, writing down your thoughts, feelings, and reasons for wanting to masturbate, to better understand your motivations and gain insight into your addiction. Having a therapist if one is available, one who can maintain confidentiality, is a plus. I would disagree to rush into a marriage just to get out of your masturbation issues. If intimacy with a partner is your issue, it might be helpful to consider trying to desensitize yourself by ad Chat Doctor.  Do you watch pornography? Do you have any history of sexual abuse? You really need to evaluate why you have this problem and try to understand it. It is also, in many ways, a normal thing to try to experiment, masturbate, especially in your teenage years. There is nothing wrong with this. However, if it becomes to a point where you cannot maintain relationships, difficulty obtaining a job, or affecting your life in other ways, then it is no longer considered normal but rather an addiction. Hope this helps.
Hello, I read carefully your query and understand your concern. The pain in the lumbar region can be caused by sciatica pain. The treatment consists in conservative treatment or surgery. I suggest trying with painkillers such as Ibuprofen to relieve the symptoms. I also suggest gentle stretching exercises. If the symptoms continue, I recommend consulting an orthopedist and get evaluated. Hope my answer was helpful. If you have further queries feel free to contact me again. Kind regards!  Chat Doctor.
Hi.tablet cardinal [phenobarbital] is used to treat different types of epilepsy. If she was having epilepsy, and the treatment has control the fits then medications shut b stopped after 3 years of last episode of the fits.you have not described the symptoms, but if she does not have generalized tonic-clonic [strong contractions of the limbs and then gross movement of the whole body associated with unrolling of the eyeball, unconsciousness for 5 minutes, confusion for some time and urination during the fit] movements then she does not need to start this medication again. There are possibilities that the behavior disturbances you're complaining are part of her confusion following seizure, or it may be because of the psychiatric illness commonly seen in epileptic patients like, post octal confusion, INTERCAL psychosis like schizophreniform psychosis, personality problems, Gastaut-Geschwind Syn Chat Doctor. .behavioral syn
It sounds like you have a foreign body in your ear which is causing all these symptoms. I will have to examine your ear to confirm it.
Hello, Thanks for writing to us, I have studied your case. I would like to ask few questions so that I can help you betterSwelling is on both feet? Swelling is reducing after lying down? Any history of injury? Both feet involvement differential can be swelling due to exertion; swelling can be cardiac /renal origin, early inflammatory arthritis. You may need to do X-ray and blood investigation after clinical examination from your doctor. Swelling can be cardiac or renal disease related. Hope this answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your queries. Wishing you good health. Take care.
Hi thanks for contacting Chat Doctor. You gave not mentioned which report you have done.... You had history of whooping cough. For that did you use antibiotic ? You are Also smoker.... So you could have restrictive lung disease. It might be fibrotic disease.... To differentiate restrictive and obstructive disease spirometry done that is pulmonary function test.... Chest x-ray also useful.... According to cause treatment guided... Avoid smoking to prevent damage to lung tissue by elastane that is released by smoking.... Take care...
Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much.  From the description, I am to understand that you are disappointed due to problems in your health and your life. Your constipation, piles and some other life situations are disappointing you, and you get irritated due to those. Such an irritation makes you restless, and you start showing your irritation to others also. I think this is a minor problem and can be cured just by having psychological counseling sessions. If you require more of my help in this aspect, Please post a direct question to me in this website. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe the needed psychotherapy techniques which should help you cure your condition further. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.
Hi, Good Evening. This is Chat Doctor. -I studied your query in depth and Understood your health concerns.-Accordingly on the facts given by you-Causes I would suggest is as follows-a-I think you are a case of-Hamartoma ? Dermoid ? Sebacious Cyst? Dermatofibroma? Lipo-fibroma? Epidermoid Cyst-with rupture of the riding veins around it causing blood suffusion beneath it. Hope this would help you with the relief you needed. Wishing you healthy living and early recovery of this query. Wellcome for more queries till you get the satisfied. Thanks for your query to Chat Doctor Clinic. Have a Good Day...!!
Hello !  I understand your concern. I would like to know more about your age and the duration and frequency of these attacks. In my opinion the experience of dizziness that aggravates when you get up may be related to hypotension. The cold shake attacks may be a disorder called Epilepsy, although not very typical. You need to see a doctor, have a physical examination. An EEG would be helpful to rule out Epilepsy, followed by a brain CT scan if it's not normal. Hope to have been helpful to you! Thank you for using Chat Doctor!
It sounds like you may have rheumatoid arthritis, a long-term autoimmune disorder that causes joint inflammation and pain.
Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Treatment depends on the cause of hallucination. If hallucination is recent in onset in this age then there is need to rule out delirium due to medical condition for which investigations are required. If it is for prolong duration then doses of risperidone can be increased or other medicines like olanzapine or clozapine can be tried under psychiatrist supervision. Wish you good health and all the best.www.99doctor.com
Hi, Pain in shoulder may be due to tear in rotator cuff muscle. But subscapularis muscle comes in front of shoulder and if it is torn pain will be in anterior part. Posterior aspect of shoulder has tears major and minor muscle.  Pain in rear aspect may be due to sprain of this muscle. Local ultrasound of involved shoulder can be done to confirm diagnosis, although MRI of shoulder is more specific for diagnosis. Meanwhile, start tablet Attract twice a day for pain relief. Visit to orthopedic surgeon for detailed clinical examination is recommended.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hello, Depot shot is very much effective in preventing unwanted pregnancy and to be taken once in 3 months. It has failure rate less than 0.3 per HWY. But there has several side effects like irregular period/ spotting including long time amenorrhea, prolonged infertility after discontinuation, wt change, headache, abdominal discomfort etc. You may do a USG lower abdomen, thyroid profile, LH/FSH to rule out underlying pathology if any. Consult with your doctor and take suggestive measures. Take Tab Chat Doctor.  Avoid stress, take healthy diet,
Hallow Dear, The conception occurs 14 days after the last menstrual period. The pregnancy duration is counted from the date of last menstrual period (LMP) while the ultrasonography estimated the period of gestation based on the size and age of the baby; i.e. period of pregnancy from the conception. Hence, there is difference of about 2 weeks in the initial phases of pregnancy. I hope this helps you.
Hi, I had gone through your question and understand your concerns. Fisrt of all, I would exclude any of your headache history being related to any aneurysm. It is true that people who have family history for brain aneurysm are at greater risk for harboring an aneurysm, but this does not make an indication for radiologic screening. Considering your headache being on the right side, I would recommend the family GP to take a history on a possible migraine type of headache. The sensation of blood rushing is nothing serious nor your spot which may be a simple inflammation. Hope this answers your question. If you have additional questions or follow-up questions then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your questions. Wishing you good health.
Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thank you for your query. I am Chat Doctor, I understand your concerns and I will try to help you as much as I can. In most cases at this age this is caused by urinary infection or urinary stones, so you should do urinalysis, monoculture and kidneys ultrasound to rule these out. Also, vesicoureteral reflux may be possible cause which is anomaly of bladder but can be easily treated.  You should Chat Doctor.  You should reduce salt in your diet as well. In most cases this is self limiting, but sometimes antibiotics are required. I hope I have answered you query. If you have any further questions you can contact us in every time. Kindly regards. Wish you a good health.
Babies with reflux are often fussy and agitated because reflux is the upward movement of stomach contents into the esophagus and sometimes into or out of the mouth. For improving this condition I suggest:-Elevating the head of the children bed.-Keeping the child upright for at least two hours after eating.-Serving several small meals throughout the day, rather than three large meals.-Limiting foods and beverages that seem to worsen your children reflux.-Encouraging your child to get regular exercise. If the symptoms don't improve I suggest to talk to your pediatrician in order to take reflux medications. Also, you can give your baby a lactose free formula if baby still Chat Doctor.
Hidear205 ejection fraction means critically dangerous ejection fraction. Ejection fraction of a normal person is 60%, this means that if 100ml blood comes to the body, 60% will be supplied to the body. Less than 30% e.f signifies critically dangerous ejection fraction. Sory but EF can Chat Doctor. LEAD left ventricular assisted device is transition zone between cardiac transplant and heart decoration, he could be given Alva for 3 years, during this time you make sure to get a brain-dead donor of heart. Good luck at an EF of 20% patient can have any life threatening arrhythmia, which can lead to cardiac arrest, 5 year survival rate is less than 20% without acid or lead
Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You may have enlarged occipital lymph node. It can be due to reactive hyperplasia, tuberculosis or lymphoma. Or it can be some soft tissue tumor or skin adnexal tumor. You should go for fine needle aspiration cytology or biopsy of that lump. It will give you exact diagnosis. Then you should take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
It seems like you may be experiencing symptoms of marijuana abuse. It's important to seek help and treatment for drug addiction. We can discuss treatment options at your next appointment.
Hi, Thanks for posting in Chat Doctor. I understand your concern. What lesions you are describing around the pubic area appears to be fungal infection along with bacterial infection of the skin. Kindly do the following to overcome the symptoms. 1. Clean the area with mild antiseptic solution like Salon twice daily. 2. After Chat Doctor.  3. Take Tablet. Levocetrizine once a day to control itching. 4. Wear loose fitting undergarments and avoid friction in the area. Maintain clean and good hygiene. Gradually, the lesions should subside and heal completely. Hope the information provided would be helpful. All the best.
These are all normal signs and symptoms of healing of a wound particularly in this area. Due to the dissection that takes place during the surgery, there is accumulation of fluid in the space created and hence the swelling. This is quite normal and will disappear in 2-3 weeks. Meanwhile, keep a pillow under your head while sleeping, don't sleep on the operated side and take Tab Choral or Tab Disperse one tab thrice daily. The burning will go in 2-3 days and be replaced by an itching and pulling sensation which will stay for another 10 days
Hi! Avinash, Welcome To Chat Doctor forum, if you have black head then you can apply retinoid cream locally at night....and morning don't forget to use a sunscreen daily...this would cause peeling of skin gradually and help you reduce your black heads. If this doesn't work the consult a dermatologist who can prescribe you isotretinoin tablets after proper investigations and precautions. Mechanically also one can remove these black heads, this would be best done by a dermatologist. They have black head extractors for that. Take care, Chat Doctor.
Thanks for contacting ChatDoctorI am sorry to hear that you injured you finger. From your description it sounds like you have a build up of blood under the nail. This build up can cause significant pain and pressure. To help reduce this pressure and pain a doctor can actually poke a small hole in the nail and that relieves the pain. I recommend you seek medical attention, so they can perform that small procedure for you. It is a painless and quick procedure and one that is performed in most primary care offices. Hope I answered your question. Please feel free to contact us again for you medical concerns and questions
Hello dear, Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. I read and understand your concern. I am Chat Doctor answering your concern. It is not at all the bad habit. You can do it without tension.It's very common practice performed. As it has no disadvantage you can be tension free thereafter. If you do not do hand jobs when how desire than you can't concentrate on your studies, so instead you can do and enjoy the study and hand jobs both. As it is harmless it never affects the health adversely you can do it happily. Once you perform the act your mind become clear and you better concentrate on the studies. But make one good habit of handwashing before the act. I will be happy to answer your further concern on bit.ly/ Chat Doctor. Thank you, ChatDoctorInfectious diseases specialist, ChatDoctor
Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. Sincerely I feel sorry for your current situation. No amount of positive thinking can help you for now. Your doctors are right. For the time being you need to go home and take a vacation. Military people are supposed to get leave on medical conditions. If you are able to convince your doctors, that you deserve a leave because of your medical conditions, they can recommend for a leave. If you require more of my help in this aspect, Please post a direct question to me in this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe the needed psychotherapy techniques. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.
Hi, Thanks for writing in. There are two parts to your query. For your fibroid which is progressively increasing in size, it is possibly causing a lot of discomfort and bleeding during your periods. In this case, if you have finished your family and do not desire to have nay more child Chat Doctor.  As you say that you only have spotting then you can choose for a mastectomy procedure or arterial embolization instead of hysterectomy. Please discuss the treatment options with your doctor and then take an informed decision. Regarding your mother who is confirmed to have an ovarian cancer, if it is in the first stage then surgery is compulsory. Even after surgery she might be given chemotherapy and radiation therapy to suppress the cancer cells. Since you have not mentioned the stage of cancer in your mother I guess that it is stage 1 cancer. Treatment should be given completely, and she should follow up with her doctors when required. Please do not worry.
Thank you for your query. There are different causes of green stool at babies:-changing of formula;-symbiosis;-color of cleaved protein;-salmonellosis;-stool can be changed to green color due oxidation if we have not changed diapers for a long time.  I suggest--check stool analysis;-stool culture for symbiosis and sensitivity to antibiotics-you can give eco norm for 3-5 days, then baby lac for 1 month for normal intestinal flora Take care Wishing to your baby and you are good health
HIT hanks for posting your query.  Herpes has recurred because of inadequate treatment or because of repeat exposure sexually with a person infected with Herpes.  Herpes usually causes small blisters and not big bumps. I would recommend you get it examined by your doctor properly and then get the treatment. Don't ever scratch it, it causes secondary infection over that.  Also make sure your partner with whom you have sex (if at all) is also tested and treated. Hope this information was useful to you. Any clarifications feel free to ask. Regards.
Hello. Thank you for asking at Chat Doctor. I went through your history and would like to make following suggestions for you:1. I usually suggest my such patients regular intranasal corticosteroids (mometasone or fluticasone) for at least 2 weeks. Furthermore, I also prescribe them regular montelukast for 4 weeks.2. Furthermore, I would suggest you allergy testing which will help you identify the substances causing symptoms to you and to know the measures to avoid them.3. In general, I would suggest you to avoid exposure to dusts, smokes and air pollution.4. Eosinophil counts 10% usually suggest long-standing allergies. Hope above suggestions will be helpful to you. Should you have any other concern, please feel free to ask at Chat Doctor. Wish you the best of the health ahead. Thank you & Regards.
Hi, Thanks for writing in. Cancer is a difficult condition to treat, and it is best to follow standard treatment practices for esophagus cancer. Ayurvedic treatment might not work always with cancer as it can spread fast. As there is weight loss in last 3 months, it appears that cancer is spreading and causing his body to become weak. The swelling in eyelid might be due to fluid retention in the body which is due to cancer. Please take him to a cancer treatment center immediately and get him treated for his general condition. Get his complete blood investigation done and provide nutritious diet. Cancer patients can survive for a long time if early treatment is given. Please do not worry.
Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You may have cervical erosion or some squamous intro epithelial lesion or may have cancer.  You should go for four EU Chat Doctor.  It will give you exact diagnosis. Then you should take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Hello there!  Thank you for asking and I think you are talking about Oral Contraceptives. There are 21 pills with 7 placebos of different color to resume menses.  It doesn't matter where in pill packet you start from as long as you take 21 in 21 days. And then 7 others which are basically Iron supplements to resume menses. And should be started from day one of the menstrual cycle which is the first day of bleeding. Anyhow what is missed. Continue the medications and follow the routine. Take red pills for 21 days and then seven iron supplement pills to resume menses and then repeat the phase. If the menses are irregular then you can start any timetable care of yourselfRegards Chat Doctor.
Hi, welcome to Chat Doctor.after going through your query my opinion is that you are suffering from compression of nerve root. Mostly it may be due to disc prolapse. Please consult orthopedic surgeon and get an MRI of Lumbosacral spine done and scanning of whole spine done. Take analgesic s, muscle relaxants, hot fomentation and flexor regime exercises.  Avoid lifting weight and forward bending. Hope your query get solved. Welcome further queries.
HelloThanks for your query, based on the facts that you have posted it appears that you have itchy foreskin and painful on erection. This could be mostly due to Much Cutaneous Genital Candidiasis (Fungal infection) which is common in person with diabetes. Please get your blood sugar tests on empty stomach and 2 hours after lunch done to rule out/confirm the same. If positive you will need to take medications to control your diabetes. Take antifungal medication like fluconazole with topical antifungal cream for local application. Get the prescription of medicines from your family Physician. Ensure to wash your genitals with warm water twice daily. Chat Doctor.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Irregular chest pain is commonly seen due to stress and anxiety. But better to first rule out heart related diseases for your chest pain. So get done ECG and 2d echo. If both are normal then no need to worry about heart diseases. Stress and anxiety related chest pain is more likely in your case. So better to consult psychiatrist and get done counseling sessions. Try to identify stressor in your life and start working on its solution. You may need anxiolytic Chat Doctor.  Don't worry, you will be alright. Avoid stress and tension, be relaxed and calm. Hope I have solved your query. Wish you good health. Thanks.
Hi.... you are right about the concept that antibiotics should not be used unnecessarily. But the painless vaccines, do not contain antibiotics. This is not the reason why the baby does not develop fever while giving painless vaccine. It is because the protein component in the vaccine is a different one, this is the reason why the vaccine does not produce pain or fever. So please do not worry about the presence of antibiotics in painless vaccine. Regards -
Thanks for your query, I have gone through your query. The growth over the gums can be a myogenic granuloma or peripheral ossifying fibrous. Nothing to be panic, consult a good oral physician and get a second opinion. Your dentist might have not seen such cases, so take opinion from another physician. Once the biopsy report comes we can treat further, if the lesion reoccurs. I hope my answer will help you, take care.
HelloThanks for writing to us with your health concern. In PCs periods are erratic. Ovulation is very unpredictable.Hence, it is natural to be confused regarding the probable dates of ovulation. There are two ways ahead for you. First is that you remain sexually active every alternate day all through your cycle. The second option is to consult a Fertility Specialist. Go for follicular monitoring.This is serial ultrasound scans done throughout the cycle, tracking the growth of your mature egg follicles.The day of ovulation is exactly confirmed this way, so you can remain sexually active around the per ovulatory period. Many predictor tests like I sure are also available in the market, but they are not as reliable as a folliculometry. All the best and take care.
Hi! Good evening. I am Chat Doctor answering your query. Although the lumps on your sons scalp and lower down need to be assessed clinically, from the history it seems that the lower lump could be an inflamed lymph node Chat Doctor.  If I were your doctor, I would refer your son to a dermatologist to rule out any kind of skin problem in the scalp for which he scratched that site. After local treatment of the site, he may prescribe your son with a broad spectrum antibiotic and an anti-inflammatory
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Costco Chat Doctor.  Along with painkiller medicines, she needs to follow certain lifestyle modifications for better symptomatic relief. So follow these steps. 1. Avoid heavyweight lifting and strenuous exercise. 2. Avoid bad postures in sleep. 3. Avoid movements causing pain. 4. Sit with proper back and chest support. 5. Apply warm water pad on affected. 6. Wear rib belt or chest belt to prevent mobilization of painful area. Believe me, she will be alright in 2-3 weeks if she follows these steps. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wishing good health to your daughter. Thanks.
You need to have blood work done and an HSG to check your tubes and Uterus to see if you are ovulating and to see if your system is working.  I have been trying to conceive for 2 yrs with my Husband and finally went to a special fertility doctor and am now getting help.  He also needs to have his sperm checked to see if he is fertile.  Its very easy and your ORGAN can refer you or just check online. Good luck to you.
I read your query, and I am sorry about the issues you are experiencing. What you are currently describing seems more likely to be related to anxiety and not to seizures. There are several options to alleviate your symptoms which include psychotherapy or pharmacological therapy. You should also try to lead a regular lifestyle, regular sleeping hours avoid sleeping during the day, avoid Chat Doctor.  Regarding pharmacological treatment it depends. Since you say you've had these problems only for the couple of days and that episode 2 years ago then I think a
Hi. Thanks for your query and elucidate history. This looks to be due to premenstrual tension syn Chat Doctor.  In this one gets exactly the symptoms you have. To be on a safer side it is always better to get an opinion of a Gynecologist and to get investigations of blood and urine and minimum of an ultrasonography of the abdomen to rule out any other problems like Tubal mass like salpingitis, Ovarian cyst or tumor, PID, Cystitis due to inflammation of the urinary bladder and so on. Once the diagnosis is made it is easy to get you the proper treatment. You also need to get a treatment for irregular periods, wherein a Gynecologist will be of great help.
Hello, There are a couple possibilities here.  First, as babies grow they irregularly increase and decrease the amount of calories they need.  So sometimes they eat you out of house and home, and other times it seems like they don't Chat Doctor.  If her weight is fine on the Pediatric growth chart, and she has no other symptoms, that could be what's going on with her.  But, sometimes, something more is going on, for example, gastroesophageal reflex, meaning baby spitting or vomiting, could be getting worse, causing pain and leading her to not want to eat.  She needs to be weighed and examined at the doctor's office if that's a possibility.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care
Hi welcome to Chat Doctor. I have gone through your question. As you had completed two cycles of GUI intrauterine insemination and not get success then I would advise taking one more chance for GUI. As GUI is the best option for you. But for that your ovaries should produce enough follicle, otherwise GUI is useless. If cant get success then you can go for CSI intro cytoplasmic sperm injection or IVF invited fertilization after consulting gynecologist. Hope I answered your question. Would be happy to help you further. Take care.
Hello, As history indicates there is a muscle strain. You need to do hot water fermentation and static neck exercises before going to stretching again.  Due to overstretching of the muscles of the neck there will be a microtrauma due to which there will be excessive muscle fiber spasm. With the above-mentioned procedure, you should have relief of the pain. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Jay In Chat Doctor.
Thanks for posting your query to Chat Doctor. As I understand you are worried about your blood report. I am not getting any finding related to your infection in this report . I wanted to know how did you know that you are having Staphylococcus infection, which specimen you have tested. If you have diagnosed with Staph infection you need to take antibiotic as per your sensitivity report. Further if you are allergic to penicillin you can take Erythromycin, Clindamycin, ciprofloxacin etc. as per your sensitivity report under the guidance of your clinician.
Hello, Thanks for writing to us. To get rid of this problem you can go for medication with physiotherapy and some precautions. Precautions to be followed are: 1. Avoid jerky movements of spine. 2. Wear LS belt while traveling or Chat Doctor.  3. Take complete bed rest in worse conditions. 4. Do regular spine exercise as advised by your physiotherapy. 5. Use hard bed to sleep. 6. Take some analgesic and apply Diego gel locally in pain. 7. Don't lift weight. I hope this is helpful to you. Consult me again directly through my profile. Wishing you good health... Regards.
Hello! Welcome and thank you for asking on Chat Doctor! I would like to explain that these are good signs of recovery. Coming to this point, the best thing to do now is continued physiotherapy. It is the best treatment to gain function of his limbs. The damage to his spine is usually irreversible, but other regions of the spine can gain the function of the damaged regions. That is why I would recommend continue actively physiotherapy. We can not know how much he will gain from this, but he should try to make his best. Hope you will find this answer helpful! Best wishes,
Hi, Thanks for asking the query, Bleeding gums can be due to improper oral hygiene, plague and calculus deposition, vitamin deficiencies, systemic conditions. It can be a food particle stuck in between the teeth, try to remove it with the help of sterile dental floss. If not then visit to the Dentist and get the checkup done, Go for complete mouth scaling and polishing done. In the clinic it can easily come out with the help of instruments like mouth mirror, probe. Maintain a good oral hygiene, use antiseptic mouthwash gargles twice daily. Hope this helps out. Regards...
Hi there, I understand your concern regarding Coumadin, but only this is time tested and effective treatment for blood clot on heart with FIB, Plavix is not enough for this condition and as the risk of blood clot may go outside heart and cause a stroke or embolism is high, so I would strongly recommend Coumadin for at least 6 months. Some newer anticoagulant like Debigatran is also available which do not need INR monitoring but experience with these agents are less. If you are not willing to take Coumadin then you can consult your physician for debigatranHope this answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your queries. Wishing you good health Chat Doctor.
Hello, welcome to Chat Doctor.com stress can cause somatic symptoms like heaviness in hands, head, limbs, difficulty to speak as well. Usually our mind try to cope up with different stress through different mechanisms, however during stress overload when over conscious mind fails to control the stress, our unconscious mind comes into play.in order to seek support from external environment, our unconscious mind do illicit some physical or mental symptoms of which we are unaware of, in order to relieve the conscious mind. As you mentioned your exams are nearby, you are under stress, hence to cope up with your stress, your unconscious mind may develop this symptom. I would advise you to relax your self. Try to maintain your sleep hygiene, sleep well for 6-8 hours, eat healthy, have healthy interaction with family and friends as well and don't let the exam worry catch you. Further query in future do followup with me.
You will need to take a combination of medications for your condition. These medications include Oxybutynin, Polyethylene Glycol 3350 (Miralax), Budesonide, Sennosides Usp (Perdiem), Guar Gum, Oxcarbazepine (Trileptal), Tobramycin (Tobi), Epoetin Alfa (Procrit), Cromolyn (Viz-On), Somatropin, Cellulose, and Calcium Acetate.
Hi. I can understand your concern. Ideally ECG and 2d echo should be done first in your case. If both are normal than no need to worry about heart diseases. If the chest pain is disturbing your routine activity then get a chest x-ray done to rule out any lung infection, or it could be just a muscle pull. Do not lift heavy weightsPossibility of musculoskeletal pain is more. You will definitely improve witChatDoctorbination of painkiller and muscle relaxant Chat Doctor.  Also apply warm water pad on affected areas. Avoid movements causing pain. Don't worry, you will be alright in 1-2 weeks. But better to first rule out lung infection.Don't worry, you will be alright. Hope I have solved your query. Wish you good health. Thanks.
Hello Dear. Most probably you are having a sebaceous cyst. Sebaceous cysts form out of your sebaceous gland. The sebaceous gland produces the oil called sebum that coats your hair and skin. These cysts can be left like that if it doe snot pose problem. But if it is growing, or causing pain as in your case it has to be surgically removed. These are non-cancerous. So need not worry. Kindly go to a surgeon and get it removed. Just a simple minor operation done under local anesthesia. Hope I have answered your question. Feel free to contact me if you have any more questions. I'll be glad to help you. All the besting warm regards Chat Doctor.
Hi, dear. I have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You have high risk factor for blood clotting. You should search for the cause of your thrombophilia. Consult hematologist and search for the cause of your thrombophilia and take treatment accordingly.  You will definitely get benefits. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
HelloThanks for the query It looks like you have colitis, which explains the greenish colored stools, pain under your rib cage and the low grade temperature. You will have to receive a course of antibiotics for the same, most commonly given is a combination antibiotic like ciprofloxacin with tinidazole for 5 days. However, light headdress needs further work up, please visit a physician to check for your thyroid levels, EKG and blood test for anemia hope I was of helpRegards
Hi, one thing you should clear in your mind this type of spinal surgery primarily meant for relieving you severe pain and secondarily for numbness and tingling. So if your pain improve 50% after surgery it will improve with time. And as your surgeon explain to you that your problem was chronic numbness and tingling part will take time to improve but how much and when it is difficult to say to any spine surgeon. So along with painkiller you can start pregabalin and Gabapentin which will improve your neuralgic pain as well as tingling part.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. By your history, I think your father has malignant lung tumor. There are two types of lung tumors.1. Benign2. Malignant. Benign tumors are not causing many symptoms. While wheezing, chest pain, swelling in neck etc. are seen in malignant tumor. So in your fathers' case possibility of malignant lung tumor is more. For the diagnosis CT THORAX and Bronchoscopy with lung biopsy is needed. For staging PET SCAN is needed. Treatment and life expectancy is based on type of lung tumor and it's staging. Treatment options are surgery, chemotherapy and radiotherapy. So better to consult oncologist and discuss all these.
Your doctors are doing the best but allopathic science has its limits here. To my own such patients, I recommend giving some naturals like curcumin, Marcos powders and Sugar candy powder mixed together equally. These have the blood cleaning, anti-allergic action with anti-infective action on intestines. Works to balance vat pitta vitiation (Ayurveda principle) which causes allergies/ rashes. Deworming by herbals is another tool to be added to regime. Beauty is that these are all harmless with no side effects. No interaction with other Chat Doctor.  For the time being Hard
Hi, You are taking adverse, albuterol puff with oxygen, it is a very good asthma treatment what your doctor is giving. You have also DM'd and HTN with your age 72 years. If your doctor is giving oxygen then you might also have chronic bronchitis and there is no alternative to oxygen when you are having breathing difficulty even at slight exertion. There are other potent steroids inhalers available in market with antiallergic Chat Doctor. You can discuss it with your pulmonologist.
You have not mentioned the histopathological subtype of the testicular tumor. Most common are the germ cell tumors with two subtypes seminomatous and non-seminomatous germ cell tumors. Apart from lymph nodes in back (retroperitoneum), serum tumor marker levels (including serum alpha-fetoprotein, serum beta-ChatDoctor and serum LDH) have to be taken into account for treatment decision and response monitoring. If only lymph nodes are there, it is stage 2 and if liver involvement is also there it is stage 3. Good thing is that Germ cell testicular tumors have such good prognosis (outcome) that there is NO stage 4. Please discuss it with your oncologist. If you can provide the above-mentioned information, would be more than happy to comment on treatment options as well.
If your son needs to use Stalin rota cap more than twice a week, or he has to awake in midnight due to cough I would suggest you to use Decor daily. Using Stalin on frequent basis means children asthma is not properly controlled. Hence, I would suggest you to use Decor (which controls asthma) daily and Stalin (which relieves an acute attack) when required despite using Decor. Regarding safety of Stalin, too much use of Stalin may cause tremors, palpitation, etc. and rather it is not desirable. Hope this will be helpful to you. Wish your son the best health.
Hello, thanks for posting a question on our platform. I have read through all your explanation. There are lots of causes to the symptoms you are currently experiencing, like Anxiety, panic attacks etc. I advise that you enroll in exercises like yoga, eat healthily, avoid stimulant like caffeine or tobacco this will help reduce your symptoms.  Also make sure to get adequate sleep of 6-7 hours a day. If you do not get relief in a month, please a physician for evaluation. Best regards
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your situation and problem. By your history and description, in my opinion you are having severe upper respiratory tract infection. The most common cause for this is viral infection. So health care provider is right about viral infection. Viral infection causes severe inflammation of throat. This inflammation causes edema and redness in throat, specifically franc and tonsils. So the swelling you are seeing is edematous tonsils and franc. And this cause coughing and blood in cough due to friction. So better to start treatment for URI, you will be alright in 1 week.
Hello, I went through your query. The swelling under your neck is maybe either a swollen lymph node or a swollen salivary gland. The lymph nodes below the jaws will get enlarged as a reaction to any local infection like an infected tooth or gums. And the fact that is very painful, it is more indicative of an infection. Also there is a possibility that the swelling may not be a swollen lymph node. It can be a salivary gland whose duct may be blocked by a calculus(stone). Both the conditions requires you to visit a general dentist to find the actual cause of the swelling and treat it accordingly. Hope my answer helps.
Hello, Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor for posting your query. I have gone through your question in detail and I can understand what you are going through. There appears to be a spinal degeneration problem. You need to get a spinal MRI done and identify the exact cause of such a pain. As of now regular physiotherapy should be good. Hope I am able to answer your concerns. If you have any further query, I would be glad to help you. In future if you wish to contact me directly, or need any further details about the same query you can use the below-mentioned link:bit.ly/ Chat Doctor.
Hello, Thanks for the query to Chat Doctor. Forum. I would come up with these possibilities for this type of pain in abdomen on LEFT side, This includes.1 Left renal stone, diagnosis can be confirmed by ultrasound of kidney. As all symptoms are suggestive of pain on the left side of kidney.2 Second possibility may be of peptic ulcer disease (hyper acidity) , diagnosis can be confirmed by upper G I endoscopy. Try raising he head of your bed about 4 inches above with blocks. It might also help to avoid eating or Chat Doctor. To control stomach acid one should not eat chocolate or spicy or fatty or oily foods. Also take some antacid but if symptoms are severe then you may need
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Epilepsy patients are more prone for aspiration pneumonia. And this can directly cause breathing problem. Aspiration pneumonia also causes bronchitis and bronchospasm. And this can also cause breathlessness. So take her to pulmonologist and get done clinical examination of respiratory system, chest x-ray and PFT (Pulmonary Function Test). She may need antibiotics, inhaled bronchodilators and inhaled corticosteroid on the basis of reports.Don't worry, she will be alright. Also continue anti-epileptic Chat Doctor. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wishing good health to your daughter. Thanks.
Hello dairy understand your concernThere is no chance of the pregnancy as you both have clothes. Wetness is due to secretion of pre-cum and cervical mucus due to sexual arousal. But sperm can not enter in to the vagina through clothes. Pregnancy is possible when there is full penetrative intercourse or intercourse up to vaginal introits with or without ejaculation in the fertile phase of the cycle. So you have not to worry. Pregnancy is not possible in your case. Avoid stress, take healthy diet, Chat Doctor. Use safe sex practice like barrier contraceptive in future to prevent the unwanted pregnancy. Hope this may help you Best regards
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. Since you had palpitation and heart murmurs and left the treatment since 2-3 years, it is better to rule out cardiac cause first. So get done1. ECG2. 2 d echo3. Stress test (trade mill test). To rule out cardiac cause. If all of the above are normal then no need to worry much for cardiac cause. Anxiety appears more in your case. So consult psychiatrist and get done counselling sessions. Try to identify stressor in your life. And start working on its solution. Avoid stress and tension. Be relax and calm.Don't worry much, you will be alright.
Hello! Welcome on Chat Doctor ! You should know that your complaints are compatible with a peripheral nerve damage due to the local trauma (hand cut). For this reason, I recommend consulting with a neurologist and performing a nerve conduction study. Surgery to repair the nerve may be needed. But it should be done as soon as possible, in order to prevent further damage to the nerve. Hope you will find this answer helpful! Best wishes,
Reclothe answer to your question is Neither. Both raspberry and lemon are rich in vitamin C which will induce periods starving the uterus of progesterone, contrary to what you are looking for. However, consumption of vitamin C will induce period only in cases where the period is either due or late and not during just any part of the cycle. There is no "Safe way" to delay period without using a pill or without disrupting the normal cycle. Hope this was helpfulWarm Regards Chat Doctor.
Thanks for your query, I have gone through your query. The unpopular radioluceny associated with an impacted tooth could be because of the dangerous cyst or mural ameloblastoma. There might be an involvement of the inferior alveolar nerve canal with the nerve by the lesion. The lesion can be treated surgically by doing nucleation with removal of the wisdom tooth under local anesthesia or general anesthesia. I hope my answer will help you, take care.
Hi, I had gone through your query and understand your concerns. This is a common problem experienced by women taking birth control pills. Wat you are taking is a combined pill(levonorgesterl and ethinylestradiol) which contain both estrogen and progesterone. It will take 90 days(3 months) to restore your normal ovulation and periods, once you stop the pills. So hopefully you will have ovulation by mid-March and bleeding by last weeks of march. And be warned that this can vary from person to person. So don't do unprotected Sexual intercourse, as you can still become pregnant these days, if sperm reach your uterus. Hope this answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your questions. Wishing you good health.
Hi, Thanks for writing in. Knee pain can be treated in following ways without taking oral anti-inflammatories.1. Doing physiotherapy exercises under supervision at first and then on her own.2. Applying ointments containing combination of muscle relaxants and painkillers gently over painful areas twice a day.3. Sprays are also available and give intermittent relief to knee pain.4. Applying a heat pack over the knee might give relief for a while.5. Using a knee cover can make her comfortably move around.6. Opioid pain reliever and steroid injection might help control pain.
Hi, Chin hairs indicate ovulation problem due to hormonal imbalance. Your thinking is correct. Please get your harmony level&sonography done. Please don't worry The condition is reversible. Only proper treatment by Sync endocrinologists needed. The vitamins you are taking are not related to hairs on chin.  For time being, you can think of electrolysis by bu titian, this will enhance your confidence.side by side treatment by specialists would control the problem.  Thanks
Hi, I am Chat Doctor.  Question : What does paralysis certified mean? Answer : It does not mean anything Certified is the next word of the certificate which means the person who certified. The Cause of Death is just Paralysis Hope you found the answer helpful. If you need any clarification / have doubts / have additional questions / have follow-up questions, then please do not hesitate in asking again. I will be happy to answer your questions. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care.
Hi thanks for asking question. According to your question you want to know effect of ADH on blood pressure. ADH is called desmopressin. It has property of water retention in tubules and constriction of blood vessels with increase arterial resistance. So obviously it will raise blood pressure along with other symptoms like headache, vommiting and in severe case convulsion. So if he is suffering from ADH secreting tumor then blood pressure will rise. I hope I have solved your query.
Hi and thanks for the query, The clinical scenario presented raises instead allergic or inflammatory concerns rather than infectious concerns. It might not be very useful to use antibiotics since the cause is not for sure infectious. A complete clinical review by a dermatologist is important. Blood Immunoglobulin E levels, serum C3 and C4 levels, Anti-nuclear antibody testing and HLA27 are important to screen for common autoimmune conditions and hypersensitivity conditions. Consult your doctor for a proper review and testing. Kind regards, Bain LE, MD.
Well, based on the symptoms you've described, it sounds like you're experiencing preterm labor. It's important that we monitor you closely to ensure the health of both you and your baby.
For itching all over the body you have to use Alabama or calamine lotion after an expert opinion of dermatologist with tab evil or tab cetirizine after meals to reduce the severity of your itching with tab rant ac or tab carotid empty stomach. If pain and inflammation is also disturbing you than you can take tab Coquitlam or tab broken after meals every 8-12 hours. Take bath with warm water as it will also help you to get relief from whole body itching.
HelloThanks for query. Severe pain in scrotum after lifting heavy objects and lump on Rt scrotum could be either due to Epididymitis or Inguinal Hernia which can be confirmed only on clinical examination by a qualified Urologist. Please consult qualified Urologist for clinical and get following basic tests done to confirm the diagnosis. 1) Urine routine and culture. 2) Ultrasound scanning of abdomen and pelvis 3) Ultrasound Scanning of Scrotum.In the meanwhile you can take painkillers like Broken twice daily Further treatment will depend upon result of these tests and final diagnosis. Chat Doctor.
Hi welcome to Chat Doctor forum.  Thanks for sending a question to Chat Doctor. Forum.  Your son aged 8 years has allergy to nuts and cat. You are lucky that you find the allergen the causative factor.  The sneezing comes when ever he comes in contact with the allergen. As he is allergic to limited number of things, there is possibility of complete cure of the allergy by using a combination of montelukast and levocitrizine under the supervision of a pediatric specialist.  Wishing him a quick and complete recovery.  Best regards.
Based on the symptoms you have described, it seems like you may have conjunctivitis due to a virus.
HAI, follow the advice as mentioned below. Take 4- 5 liters of water every day. That will keep your skin HY Chat Doctor. Wash your face twice or thrice day. Depends on exposure to open area.use aloe vera face wash.apply Multan mitt powder mixed with butter milk twice in a week. That will remove dark spots. Later on apply once in a week. Apply olive oil once in three days.don't take junk foods. Take more leaf vegetables and fruits.u can also take trial juice (Himalaya
Hello, I have studied your case. Left arm pain can be cardiac related, so I will advise ruling out any cardiac pathology by doing ECG and if required 2-D ECHO. Another possibility due to compression of nerve root there is pain in your arm I will advise you to MRI cervical spine for better diagnosis. For these symptoms analgesic and neurotrophic medication can be started. Till time, avoid lifting weights. You can consult physiotherapist for help. Physiotherapy like ultrasound and inferential therapy will give quick relief. I will advise checking your it B12 and it D3 level. Hope this answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your queries. Wishing you good health. Take care
Hello, The pigmentation you are referring to is called plasma. Plasma is a kind of hyperpigmentation seen mostly in females of middle age and is dictated by hormones and sunlight. It treatment is challenging but with proper regimen good results can be achieved. Usually the treatment is divided into clinic based treatment and home based. At clinic, I suggest series of chemical peels like glycol, Lesser, TCA with or without microdermabrasion. At home, you can apply cream containing comic acid, albumin, etc. and vitamin C serum for maintenance. Use high SPF sunscreen on regular basis. Use glycolic acid based face wash. Hope this will take care of your issue. Chat Doctor.
Hello, It looks from your details that you are having severe deficiency of vitamin D with RA. You should do following to have relief- -Your vitamin D levels are very low. With oral supplementation this takes to long to take it is to normal. I shall advise you to discuss injectable form of vitamin D to take it rapidly to normal. This will help in taking back some of your symptoms to normal. -The RA is one of chronic disease. For this you should take medicines for long term. Some time with long term therapy it goes into remission. Please do not despair. Keep your moral high. Please add yoga and meditation in your therapy plan. This will help you in recovering early and well. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care
HelloChatDoctor user I understood your concern and My opinion is that ya there is a very good possibility of pregnancy even after two abortions, but you should be more conscious like taking regular folic acid and progesterone tablets You should do S TSH, BSL, Hemoglobin, anticardiolipin antibody test before conception and early pregnancy test If all this test comes normal than nothing to worry I hope my answers help you Thanks
Hi Naveen Welcome to Chat Doctor Presence of irregular period suggests hormonal dysfunction leading to absence of ovulation which needs to be evaluated. You need to undergo tests like FSH, LH,Testosterone, Prolactin,TSH, blood sugar and pelvic ultrasound apart from gynecological examination to reach at the diagnosis. Polycystic ovary syn Chat Doctor.  Thyroid and prolactin disorders need to be corrected. You may require ovulation induction
Welcome to Chat Doctor I have gone through your query and understand your concern. Constant pain can be due to fluctuations in thyroid hormone levels. You should get your thyroid level and if found low you can adjust level according.Also, you have to get vitamin D and vitamin B12 and if found low you can get its supplements. You can discuss with your doctor about it. Hope your query get answered. If you have any clarification then don't hesitate to write to us. I will be happy to help you. Wishing you a good health. Take care.
Hello dear, The lump formation after injury is due to accumulation of fluid & blood, and it is called Hematoma. The blood cells accumulated are eventually broken down and absorbed in the body. But this is a slow process & takes times to disappear completely. Till that time, symptomatic relief is obtained by analgesics, ice compression & adequate rest. If symptoms still persist, kindly consult an Orthopedic for proper clinical examination.X-ray of the ankle joint will be helpful to rule out any fracture or other pathological causes. Wishing you a Good Health. Take care.
Hi, Based on the history given you seem to suffering from hypothyroidism (underactive thyroid) for which your doctor has prescribed thyroid. Since your thyroid can not produce enough thyroid hormones you have to take it as a replacement therapy for life long. It is not known to cause any harmful effects on prolonged use. Generally it is well tolerated by most of our patients. However, its common side effects increased heartbeats, palpitation, sweating, lack of sleep, weight loss, and tremors.  These side effects can be prevented by adjusting the dose of thyroid. So, continue taking thyroid as prescribed by your doctor and get the thyroid function tests as requested by your doc. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care
Hello, Thanks for writing to us, I have studied your case with diligence. Internal injury may be in esophagus or diaphragm. Further investigation like CT scan and Ultrasonography can be done. You need to take muscle relaxant and analgesics. Physiotherapy like USG, TENS will help in early recovery. Till time take rest, avoid lifting weight. Hot fomentation will help in reducing pain. Hope this answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your queries. Wishing you good health. Take care
Based on your symptoms, it seems like you are suffering from infectious gastroenteritis, which is caused by a viral or bacterial infection in your digestive tract.
Hello and thanks for writing. I can understand your concern and would try to help you in the best possible way. You have not mentioned which diuretic has been added by your doctor. Lasilactone is combination Chat Doctor. In your case a proper choice would be an ACE inhibitor or ARB or a calcium channel blocker. Before adding any other medication additional information regarding your medical history and previous investigations are required. I suggest you consult a physician who would take a complete medical history and do a medication review with you.
Hi, Please get the Allergy Profile of your son done, by which you can exclude allergy to any other food product or dust or Chat Doctor.  Wheat exclusion from his diet should be complete, i.e. ROTC, pure, Maratha, bread, pizza, cakes, pastries, dalia, Shoji PMA, noodles etc. should be totally avoided. This will reduce his IGE levels. For skin peeling, apply moisturizers or coconut oil liberally, twice a day. Pranayam or deep breathing will be very helpful. Good Luck.
Thanks for query. To comment on the cause and type of anemia you have got I need to know other values like MCV, MCHC etc. For time being as you intern said it is something related to decreased blood production .it may be folate or B12 or iron deficiency .as you are being treated with iron alone I assume it to be iron deficiency. If it is the case you need to undergo bone marrow biopsy to know the cause and treat accordingly. Regards
HIT hank for asking to ChatDoctorI really appreciate your concern this would not be seizure, but this could be tremor and such tremor are due to the spinal cord disk degenerative disease this need to be ruled out this is what I could give my opinion from the history given here, if I would be her doctor then I would try Tab Diazepam 5 mg once in day for tentative basis, hope this information helps you have nice day.
Hi, Thanks for asking. Based on your query, my opinion is as follows.1. Alcohol is not advisable during low platelet count as any fall can lead to severe bleeding episodes - both internal and external.2. Increased C-reactive protein along with band cells indicate acute infection with inflammation. The viral could be turning to bacterial infection.3. You need to take rest, antibiotics and antipyretic. Avoid alcohol as it could lead to injuries and also possibly react with medications. Hope it helps. Any further queries, happy to help again.
I read your question carefully and understand your concern. A headache which occurs with standing up is suggestive of a spinal fluid leak. This usually closes by itself within a few days, but it is advised to see a doctor to get an MRI scan to rule out other causes of headache. Take Tylenol (max 3g a day) and caffeine (200 mg 1-1-0) for pain relief. Hope you will find this answer helpful! Kind regards,
Hi Mather, I can understand your concern. Psoriasis can be brought into remission but cannot be completely cured. However, don't lose heart and do not change your doctor frequently as it affects the treatment. The treatment of psoriasis basically depends upon the extent of involvement and response of the lesions to treatment. The treatment of psoriasis usually fails when patients compliance with the medicine is poor. Multiple treatment options are available in the form of topical (emollients, steroids, tacrolimus, Nazarene, calcitriol etc.), oral therapies(methotrexate, accretion, cyclosporine etc.), photo based therapies and biological. Now what is going to suit you can only be understood when one has elicited a proper clinical history and has examined your skin and scalp involvement. Secondly, it is also important to know what medicines you have used till date and for how long to decide upon a proper treatment therapy. Kindly consult a dermatologist for same. Take care.
Hi, The cardiac stress test is done to rule out Coronary artery disease (CAD) since cardiac enzymes were elevated with high BP. Anticoagulant heparin is given to reduce commutability of blood for Acute Coronary Syn Chat Doctor.  The outcome of the investigation will dictate the further course of action. Family history of premature heart disease/Sudden cardiac death (SCD)/cardiac arrest in a first-degree relative. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hello, as you had the injury during a wrestling match, I guess rather than putting yourself into the chance of getting the current situation even worst, I would suggest you not to opt for any match soon until you see a doctor. Your shoulder joint is still swollen, and it hurts then definitely it's not in a healthy condition. Even though you are able to move it up to an extent, it still needs time to recover completely. Which is going to happen when you take rest and do not put excessive pressure on it by any unnecessary movements and take care of it.  For pain and swelling, I am sure you have been advised medicines, in case you have not, yet then I would suggest you take tab diclofenac twice a day after meals for at least 3-4 days if the pain is very severe. And most important I would advise you to visit a doctor in person so that it can be seen by a professional and further advice can be given to actively participate in wrestling matches after a gap of how many days or weeks as per your situation.Also, for fast improvement exercise advice from a physiotherapist can help. If any further issues you come across then do feel comfortable to contact here. Stay safe and healthy.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. No need to worry about cancer related throat pain. Possibility of sere tide related sore throat is more. Inhaled Chat Doctor.  If patient don't do gargles after inhaled treatment, these deposits cause sore throat. So tell her to do gargles every time she uses sere tide. Don't worry, she will be alright with gargles only. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wishing good health to your mother-in-law.  Thanks.
Hello thanks for asking from ChatDoctorI can understand your concern. Hallucinations in Alzheimer's disease patient develop because of some organic issue in brain. Even medicines used for Alzheimer's especially Semantic could lead to development of psychosis and consequent hallucinations. If on Risperidone her symptoms are persisting then other Chat Doctor.  Olanzapine can become a good option. The
Hello, Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor for posting your query. I have gone through your question in detail and I can understand what you are going through. They are auditory hallucinations. They are heard only by the patients having an illness and not by the others. It's still not scientifically proved, why there should be hallucinations. However, they can be treated with antipsychotics like olanzapine, risperidone or aripiprazole etc. Hope I am able to answer your concerns. If you have any further query, I would be glad to help you. In future if you wish to contact me directly, you can use the below-mentioned link:bit.ly/ Chat Doctor.
Hello ! Thank your question ! In my opinion this is just psychological and physical stress causing these troubles to you. The pain in the legs is caused by muscular contractions, especially after physical exercise. It is typical after a day work in the afternoon or evening. The feeling of the nerve pumping in the head too. It may be caused by the muscular contractions in your scalp, but t may also be explained by vascular disorders inside your head. You should just relax, and do not think about it. It is nothing serious! If you are getting these troubles more often, you should see a doctor, and have a good physical examination. Hope to have been helpful! Thank you for using Chat Doctor !
Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You may have some soft tissue tumor like lipoma, neurofibroma or muscular origin tumor.  You should go for examination and then if needed to go for fine needle aspiration cytology. It will give you exact diagnosis. Then you should take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
thanks for your query can feel your concern sit seems to be some kind of infections it painful?does it leave scar?I advise you to consult a dermatologist for proper clinical examinationdonot use any commercial creams or moisturizer stake a course of antibiotic after consulting your doctor you can apply local antibiotic cream after consulting your doctor donor scratch them wishing you a speedy recovery Hope I have answered your query am available for your help regards Chat Doctor.
Hi! My short answer is YES! Hello, welcome to Chat Doctor, and thanks for your queries! In fact, as per your description, your problem of a perianal abscess is complicated by the formation of a sinus tract; this means a blind tunnel through your normal tissue spaces where there are recurrent infections as the other end is open to the environment; the intensity depends upon local hygiene and your immunity power both of which are highly variable... Therefore, it all needs to be obliterated so that no space of infection is left meaning surgical excision is the final cure for this! Hope this answers your question. If you have additional questions or follow-up questions then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your questions. Wishing you good health.
Thank you for posting your question.birthmarks in child Chat Doctor.  The mark under the elbow that you mentioned might have evolved to become thicker and hence palpable.However, it is important to know what kind of birthmark (hyperpigmented/pigmented/hairy etc.) that you are talking about, which could help us rule out any other cause. By and large it seems to be a benign occurrence and the only thing that needs to be done is keeping a watch for similar lumps on other parts of body or an increase in size of the existing lump. If so, a medical consultation would be advisable. Also rule out some trivial local injury that may have caused a temporary swelling under the elbow. If you need any more advice regarding this, do write back.
Hi, Thank you for posting your query. The hole you are referring to in the throat is called tracheostomy, which is made to give ventilator an opening into trachea-the wind pipe. This is necessary in patients who require long term ventilator. The recovery depends on the location of stroke as well as the size of brain infarct (blood clot). If you let me know the MRI brain findings, I can help you more. The tracheostomy hole would close on its own, when the tube is removed. It takes about 7 days. I hope it helps. Best wishes, Chat Doctor.
Hello, Numb areas can include the cheek, lip and tongue with dental anesthesia. A risk can include biting these areas before the anesthetic wears off. This trauma will cause swelling. In general, you do not have to worry. Initial placement of ice is helpful to limit swelling. Tylenol, at the appropriate dose, can reduce inflammation. Warm salt water rinses and endocrine gels can help provide some relief. Help your daughter avoid the area and maintain a soft diet. Normal sensation should have returned to her mouth. Inform your dentist of this condition. Consider completing less dental treatment in a visit, so there is less numbness afterwards. A follow-up visit will be needed if condition seems to be getting worse rather than slowly improving. Time to heal will usually be all that is needed. Thank you for your inquiry. I hope that your daughter feels better soon.
Hello, Your semen agglutination time high and your sperm motility if abnormal. You are having immobile sperm more which should not be present normally. You need further evaluation by ultrasonography pelvis, serum testosterone and prolactin estimation. The smoking habit is present need to be stopped. You need to be prescribed multivitamin tablet and hey Forte like a tablet to increase sperm motility. I suggest you consult an Chat Doctor.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hello and thanks for writing. I can understand your concern and would try to help you in the best possible way. Your problem could be related to PSVT, a condition in which the heart beats too fast leading to improper filling of heart which owes the BP transiently leading to fainting or near fainting episodes. I suggest you consult a doctor and get yourself evaluated for the condition. A simple ECG with two minute rhythm lead would be a good initial investigation. You may also get a 24-hour ambulatory hotter recording of you ECG that may detect any episode that may otherwise not occur at time of your visit. Once a diagnosis is confirmed then there are treatment that improve the condition. Firstly one is started on medications which are quite effective. However, if medications fail to control it then Radio frequency ablation may be planned.
Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. He has bone cancer with metastasis.  It is stage 4 cancer.  Surgery is not possible.  Radiotherapy he can not tolerate.  So no any options are there.  Even if he takes any treatment prognosis remains poor. No medicine or no holistic approach will help him. So no any treatment needed. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Hello, As this sounds like a cervical spine nerve root entrapment so does the symptoms. I will advise taking an MRI. Post which we can plan the treatment. Treatment included - neck stabilization by using the cervical soft collar, hot water fermentation for the neck, upper back, and shoulder.  Post having this, doing simple neck stabilization exercise like static neck exercises and range of motion exercise will be helpful.  Also, shoulder stabilization exercises, inter-scapular muscle strengthening exercises, upper limb strengthening exercises will help to reduce the symptoms to a greater extent. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Jay In Chat Doctor.
I read your question carefully, and I understand your concern. The decision to undergo surgery though is not taken solely on your imaging results but also on what symptoms do they cause and their intensity. Also, usually conservative treatment and physiotherapy is always tried for some months first. If you have intense pain which hasn't responded to physical therapy then I believe surgery for the changes in L4-L5 with severe canal and lateral recess narrowing. At time if the symptoms do not correspond to compression at this level nerve conduction studies are done beforehand to make sure which level needs to be ad Chat Doctor. I hope to have been of help.
Hi...you have done liposuction 4 weeks ago.sometime after liposuction there is blood accumulation(hematoma or Serbia) formation in the dead space created by liposuction.usually this is resolved in a week or two.in your case I would recommend doing ultrasound of that area.ultrasound is a very much safe investigation you can do it...there is no problem in doing ultrasound of chin and neck...thanks Chat Doctor.
Thanks for posting your query on Chat Doctor! I can understand your problem. Blood in the stool (bleeding per rectum) occurs in patients with cirrhosis of liver due to abnormally dilated veins beneath the lining of food pipe and also in the lower part of rectum. This is due to increase pressure in the blood circulation (portal circulation) which involves the Chat Doctor. Bright red blood in the stool is highly suggestive of rupture of such abnormally dilated veins resulting in the bleeding which can cause anemia. You are advised to consult your doctor for proper assessment and treatment. Wishing you a good health.
Hi, How are you doing ? POD (Polycystic ovaries), This is a congenital condition, I mean it is a genetically programmed condition, you get it from your parents. When you suddenly put on weight, this cholesterol is converted into estrogen hormone (if I may simulate- haven't you have seen obese men developing breast & in young obese girls, who develop periods at younger age - they all have high levels of Estrogen hormone / female hormone) In your body too when fat, which is a store for tomorrow, is more than normal, this is converted to hormone which tips the balance between FSH (from brain) & the ovarian hormone. FSH(Follicle Stimulating Hormone) as name suggests stimulates follicle from ovary, but once the follicle is big enough to ovulate, the FSH is suppressed by the same estrogen hormone from ovary. But when the same estrogen hormone is coming from fat, brain is confused & follicle growth stops early at a smaller follicle size & will not rupture, next scan you will see all these follicles as POLY CYSTIC OVARIES.!!! This is usually associated with Obesity, irregular cycles, no periods for few months & later heavy periods with clots & fleshy masses, or spotting on & off, Thyroid abnormality & prolactin problem indirectly. You develop that extra-pad of fat around the midsegment of body, especially waist, thighs & breast, no fat beyond elbow & knees. Excessive body hair growth, hair fall, dark shade over lower half of face, acne, oily face skin, black skin over back of neck, inner thighs & under surface of breast. May have a family history of Diabetes, especially father or his family. This will not allow ovulation to occur at time & so you cannot get pregnant, till treated. It also increases your chances of early pregnancy abortions. But this has a solution. Your weight has to be Weight(in Kg)= Height (in CMS)-100Your expected weight is 53-58 kg. Once you reduce weight to normal range, you won't need any medicine to get periods or to get pregnant & pregnancy will be healthy. To reduce weight -NO FASTING, No junk food/ fast foods/ red meat, reduce snacks in between mealsHave low calories' food, high proteinsRegular exercise (especially for the waist & hip area), aerobics, yoga, brisk walking(swing your hands well) ,try to reduce 2-4 kg / month. Don't hurry on weight reduction, it will be difficult to maintain. As soon as you reduce at least 5 kg, you will see changes. When you take Primolut-N only your periods get altered, does not do any good or bad to your pregnancy chances Hope I have clarified your queries. Do write back if anymore queries the best
Hi welcome to Chat Doctor forum. What is missing is your age, It appears it is neuropathy secondary to hypertension, or diabetes, or old age. I advise you to consult a physician for diagnosis and treatment.  You may need to have M.R.I.scaling besides other routine tests for diagnosis of any cerebral ischemia.  As anemia also play a role in this, I advise you to follow some diet recommendations as take more of green leafy vegetables, pulses, sprouts, milk, egg, meat, and seafoods to provide body with iron, proteins, vitamins and antioxidants to cure it by natural way.  Avoid taking, potato, other tubers, tomato, Cali flower, and coconut, till you get complete relief of the symptoms.  Wishing for a quick recovery, and thanks for calling.
Hi dear. I understand your concern. Sleep disturbances can be part of depression and stress. Continue to take sertraline 100 mg and there is no problem with melatonin also. No problem with 3 mg and it will help you to normalize her sleep. Melatonin will help to restore natural sleep and do not have such side effect. You can take it till her sleep will be normalized. Dose can be reduced gradually. Still have a query then feel free to ask. Thank you.
Hi. Primary systemic amyloidosis involves the deposition of insoluble monoclonal immunoglobulin light chains or L-chain fragments in various tissues. All the above symptoms including increased serum creatinine is because of Primary systemic amyloidosis. Alternative medicine is not effective in Primary systemic amyloidosis. New Chat Doctor. (like Lenolidomide)Please do not waste further time, very effective treatment is now available for this disease as compared previously. You can consult medical oncologist. You can consult your mother to medical college in Chennai. Take care.
Hi ! From your history, it is possible that you had a chance conception with a miscarriage which is partial. That is why there was dark bleeding followed by a pink discharge. Urine and blood pregnancy tests might not have become positive by this time. The only way to know is to go and consult a gynecologist who may also go for a pelvic ultrasound of yours for a diagnosis. The headaches and frequent urination might be due a co-existing Urinary Tract and pelvic Infection following the miscarriage. I suggest you not to delay visiting your gynecologist. Wishing you an early recovery.
Cellophane you for contacting Chat Doctor. Sneezing mostly occurs because of allergic response. As you have chronic allergy problem, so there must be some allergic element which triggers sneezing. If I were your treating doctor then I would have advised levocetirizine for it. Also, I would have suggested montelukast once daily for one month. Blood spit occurs because of severe sneezing response. It damages the mucosal lining which in return results in blood spitting. I would also suggest you to visit an allergist for detailed examination of what is the causative allergen, and then he will prescribe immunotherapy which will resolve it, hopefully. Thank You
Hello, I have studied your case with diligence. As per your symptom and history there is possibility of acute muscle spasm in neck due to bad posture or there can be cervical disc compression. Due to compression of this nerve root there is pain associated with it. For these symptoms muscle relaxant with analgesic and neurotrophic medication can be started consulting your treating doctor. Till time take rest and continue analgesic available over the counter take rest, and hot fomentation. Physiotherapy like ultrasound and inferential therapy will give quick relief. You may need to do MRI cervical spine if symptoms persist. I will advise checking your it B12 and it D3 level. Hope this answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your queries. Wishing you good health. Take care.
Hi, dear. I have gone through your question. I can understand your concern.  Now your complaint is weaknesses and low WBC count.  You had fever due to infection which leads to low WBC count.  It will come back to normal within few days. Your weakness is quite obvious after fever.  You just need to take plenty of fluid orally.  Take healthy food.  No active treatment is required. You will be ok within short time. Don't worry about that. Just be relaxed. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Based on your symptoms, you may be suffering from a condition known as Benign paroxysmal positional vertigo (BPPV).
Hi Dear, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Understanding your concern. As per your query you child have symptoms of fever to shoot up every few hours which is due to impaired and reduced immunity of child. Need not worry about it. Visit pediatrician to find out the cause of fever after thorough investigation. If required request your pediatrician for any lab tests which may be required and start treatment as per that. You can give Cronin as well every 4-6 holy. Give him paracetamol as prescribed by doctor and along with that do tepid sponging in between depending on intensity of fever. Hope your concern has been resolved. Get Well Soon. Best wishes,
As per your problem I realize you have multiple issues here I suggest following basic treatment like have anti-inflammatory and painkiller Chat Doctor.  You can also use hot and cold pack to reduce the inflammation with soft tissue relaxing effect. And if still have too much pain then you should take a visit of one of your doctor who has operated you and check with them what to do after doing needed test and seeing the reports One more thing have more of omega 3 in your diet it is natural anti-inflammatory so will help you to recover. Take care.
Hello, This sounds more of the knee injury to the soft tissues internally. An MRI is advised. As the knee gets locked and doesn't release faster I think an MRI is a must to see the soft tissue alignment. Due to any ligament injury, it might happen. Ligament injury doesn't need only an acute Injury it can be even due to degenerative changes.  I will advise to hot water fermentation, use knee cap, do exercises like - static qua Chat Doctor.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Jay In
Thanks for posting your query to Chat Doctor .you are suffering from upper respiratory tract infection .it is mostly viral in origin recover spontaneously within 4 to 5days. You should take symptomatic and supportive treatment and maintain good nutrition and hogan. Do.  SALINEGURGLE 4 TIMES A DAY. Diclofenac potassium 50 MTO receive pain two times a day after meal.pentoprazole40mg once in a day empty stomach to prevent Chat Doctor. Cetrizine 10 mg with monteleucost5mgonce at bedtime as anti-allergic, ( allergy to viral protein)multivitamin with zinc tablet .all medicine should be taken under clinician super vision and if you are allergic to any
Hi, I can understand the distress you must be in due to your symptoms. OCD is a highly distressing condition but is amenable to treatment. You should talk to your parents regarding seeking a psychiatric consultation for yourself. Treatment with medications like fluoxetine will be helpful. In addition, you can also opt for Cognitive Behavior Therapy (CBT) in form of exposure and response prevention. It will consist of sessions which will help in reducing the obsession and the compulsions. I do hope that I was able to answer your query. Best wishes for a speedy recovery.
Based on your symptoms, it is likely that you are suffering from necrotizing fasciitis. This is a serious bacterial infection that can affect the skin and soft tissue, and can lead to tissue death and ultimately sepsis if left untreated. It's important to start treatment as soon as possible to prevent serious complications.
Hello, welcome to Chat Doctor ! Lower back pain can arise due to a lot of causes, and we need to find out the cause before instituting appropriate treatment. Disdain helps any pain but shouldn't be taken for long when the pain hasn't been diagnosed. Common causes can be disc degeneration due to aging, spondylolisthesis, sacroiliacs, muscle spasm, vertebral disorders, etc. So you are advised to see a physician to ascertain the exact cause through a thorough physical examination and appropriate investigations. Get well soon! Take care.
Hi I am Chat Doctor. .  In my opinion i don't want you to worry on your husband this is usually due to the inflammation of his past shower injury that may have caused compression on his sciatic nerve roots causing such neuropathic pain.  For now I suggest painkiller like Advil tabs when needed, icing it for the 1st 48 hours, massaging it with topical gels, muscle relaxants will be effective for him. Otherwise, I suggest X-rays and MRI any minor fissures or bone injury for proper evaluation and management. Please click THANK YOU and consider a 5-star rating with some positive feedback if the information was helpful. Hope the above information helps you, Any further clarifications feel free to ask.
Hi, your count is normal as it is more than 20 million per ml. The motility is slightly low though normal range is more than 32% as per WHO guidelines of 2010 which used to be earlier set at more than 50%. So the motility is slightly less. That could lead to the failure. There is a possibility of infection in the area which is one of the commonest causes of decreased motility. I suggest you get a Semen culture done and if it is positive you take a course of antibiotics. If it is negative then you might require some other form of treatment for the low motility. Take care, Chat Doctor.
Hi Ashley, A high white blood cell count does not necessarily suggest it is cancer. It can be high is mild infections and inflammations. Jumping into the diagnosis of cancer straight away is not a good approach. First, rule out local infectious causes. Even normally, sometimes the WBC count is high. Cancer in the scrotum usually presents with a painless swelling or nodule of one testicle. In addition, sometimes it presents as dull ache or heavy sensation in the lower abdomen. Without actually confirming the cancer by histopathological examination, nothing can be said for sure. In my personal opinion, I do not think there is any cancer at all. Hope this helps.
Hi.... by what you Quote I feel that it could be eczema of the skin, or it could be an allergic reaction to particular clothing or bed linen which is being used for the baby at night. It could also be a form of contact dermatitis. But as you quote that it has started to scar the area I feel that it could be an eczema which is there for a long time. I suggest a pediatric Dermatologist for this meanwhile you can use hiatus lotion rather than using steroid cream like HY Chat Doctor. Regards -
Hi, Thanks for writing in. The MRI scan brain is as explained below. Brain shows changes due to aging and this has been written are prominent ventricles and cisterns and also reduce brain volume. This is not a serious condition and is an expected finding in the elderly. Confluent periventricular T2 and FLAIR increased signal intensities is due to partial effects of decreased blood flow through the small arteries in the brain. This is nothing serious and can be seen in many people. This happens earlier in those having diabetes and hypertension. The acute brain allergic reaction is not responsible for all your finding in the brain. There is no requirement to seek additional facilities to deal with mental decline if you have made a near complete recovery from the confused and demented state you have had previously. Since you are 85 years old, a little amount of brain volume loss and ischemic small vessel changes are in line and not a big concern if thinking of moving to a community facility for elderly.
HelloThanks for writing to ChatDoctorYour urinary bladder is very much infected, and it leads to hemorrhage. Your doctor wants to know complete status of Kidney, ureter,Urinary bladder (PUB region)as any of the mentioned sites can be the origin of infection. You doctor also wants to see complications of infection and functions of kidney which can be assessed by CT Scan. This is the reason for advising CT Scan of abdomen. It is not related to cancer history in your family. Hope I have answered your query. Take Care Chat Doctor.
Hello. Thank you for asking at Chat Doctor. I went through your daughters history and can understand your concern. I would like to make following suggestions to you for her:1. Both Dominic and Longitude contain antihistamines which cause sedation and Chat Doctor. So I would suggest you to contact your doctor and inform him/her about sedation.2. Viral infections can reduce appetite. Return of appetite is usually a sign of recovery. Both viral infections and medicines themselves can because of poor appetite. Were I treating her, I would use Flexion/Cronin only when she has fever and not regularly, to minimize the medications. I would suggest you to discuss this with her doctor.3. Until recovery, please allow her adequate rest and give her plenty of liquids. Please do not force her for foods. Hope above suggestions will be helpful to you. Should you have any other concern, please feel free to ask at Chat Doctor. Wish your daughter the best of the health and a very good recovery. Thank you & Regards.
Hi, Dear,Good Afternoon. I am Chat Doctor. -I studied your query in-depth and Understood your health concerns.-To Start with-I would advise you NOT to worry about what you are suffering from. For every problem there is a solution with Me.-Cause of hard painful lump in xiphoid-a-after 40, the ossified typhoid is observed as-a prominent process and could be mistaken as hard lump.b-Basically You suffer from Xiphoidalgia-a condition where the typhoid process pains on pressure. In younger age it's a cartilaginous process and flexible also.c-Your doctor after clinical check up said nothing-means there is no lump as feared by you.d-AS you are still worried I would advise-DL Spine X-ray/ MRI-to remove the fear and anxiety you have for your age.e-A Surgeon would be right doctor to guide you as above.-Hope this advice and reply would help to plan Surgeons Treatment meeting and would help you for early recovery of this most unfortunate early-30s CPR-event with you.-Hope this elaborate advise on your most complex issue would help you to recover fast. Wish you recovery ASAP. Wellcome and ThanksWith Best of Regards
Hi, This feeling of tingling and numbness along both thighs is due to pressure on a nerve near the pelvic bone close to the lower abdomen. This nerve runs down the front of the thigh. One gets a feeling of tingling and numbness on and off. This is known to start off in pregnancy when there is stretch of the abdomen wall and also of the pelvic ligaments which in turn stretches this nerve. You need to avoid wearing tight clothes, underclothes which can press upon the lower waist. If its disturbing then your doctor can prescribe certain medication effective for nerve pains. A local steroid injection is sometimes used if the condition is too troublesome. Take care. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hello there I have read through your question and understand your concern. I don't think you have any serious condition. If you are getting a normal erection and able to hold it for some time there is nothing to worry about. I think you just need to get your partners help while insertion. Ask her to guide you, or she can herself do the insertion. With time and practice I am sure you will be able to overcome this problem. I f you are still facing problems you can consult a sexologist. I hope that answers your question. If you have any further questions please feel free to write. Thank you for choosing Chat Doctor.
HelloThanks for your query, based on the facts that you have posted it appears that you have what is called as Azoospermia. And your sperm count is fluctuating over a period of last four months. Truly speaking there are no medicines that can increase sperm count however Following measure will help you to increase sperm count .1) Practice regular exercise for 45 minutes followed by meditation for 1/2 an hour in the morning.2) Take high protein diet rich in vegetables and fruits and vitamin A, C,D, E.and Zinc3)Take anti oxidants like Almonds 5-6 every day.4) Avoid alcohol and smoking. Repeat semen analysis after three months under ideal circumstances (After abstinence for 3 days). Chat Doctor.
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thanks for your query. A HIDE scan is an imaging procedure that helps track the production and flow of bile from your liver to your small intestine. You must have been advised this to see if there is any obstruction to the bile flow due to the polyps. However, the decision for surgery will depend on the severity of the symptoms and how much of dysfunction they are causing you. So, please discuss this in detail with your doctor and make an informed decision. Best wishes,
Hi, Thanks for writing in. If your pain is from only inserting your penis, you may want to try using a lubricant, which will make your intimacy more comfortable and pleasurable for the both of you. A lack of lubrication can pull the skin of the penis in uncomfortable ways during sexual activity during inserting and cause pain. Also indulge in good amount of foreplay to allow adequate arousal and emotional connectivity with your partner. The fact that the pain occurs during a second attempt at having sex might be due to decreased lubrication and more friction between penis and vagina.
Hello, By what you say I feel that this could be a simple viral illness. Fever of a few days without any localizing signs could as well a viral illness.  Usually, rather than fever, what is more, important is the activity of the child, in between 2 fever episodes on the same day.  If the kid is active and playing around when there is no fever, it is probably a viral illness and it doesn't require antibiotics at all.  Once the viral fever comes it will there for 4-7 days. So do not worry about the duration if the kid is active. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor.
Hi dear, I had gone through your question and understand your concerns. Watery stool, blood are signs of enterocolitis. Bad breath are caused by acidosis, dehy Chat Doctor.  I see similar cases amongst young people who visit my clinic. In the first meeting, I advise my patients to go on antibiotic therapy to kill infection. I suggest:- Taxi(Definite) 4 mg/kg/dose twice a day for 5 days.- Enterogermina 1 sachet daily for 5 days.-ORS, plenty of water.-Z&D syrup You can discuss this with your treating Doctor. Start on these medicines and get back to me in 5 days. Wish your baby good health.
Hello, The discoloration is due to bleeding and should resolve on its own, but you can use some warm compresses to help speed up the process. They sometimes touch a nerve when they insert the needle and this can be responsible for the shock like feeling. That too will resolve but can take a few weeks, there is nothing you can do to speed up that process. Sorry this happened. Use some warm compresses and take ibuprofen if you are very uncomfortable. Regards
Hi thanks for your question. Your daughter is having kidney stone and biggest one removed through ureteroscope. The increase in pain after procedure could be due to small pieces of stones which broke from main big stone while removing or big stone is crushed to make it into small pieces so that it can be easily removed. These small left over pieces of stone try to pass out with urine and cause sever colicky pain. Colicky pain is always very sever, and it is due to obstruction of hollow viscus. She might be getting sever colicky pain when these small pieces of stone pass through with urine. The treatment she is receiving is right. She has to be on higher doses of strong painkiller like morphine or ketamine. Once all leftover pieces of stone pass away with urine she will have relief from pain. Advise her to take plenty of water.Re-consultation with urologist is advisable. Hope this answers your question.
Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. Instead of dwelling more into psychiatric medicinal cure, please look into alternative methods. Many researches and researchers confirm that medicines alone cannot cure mental disorders. Lifestyle changes, change in thinking pattern, relaxation etc. are as essential as medicines. Psychotherapy can help you to change your lifestyle and thinking patterns. Yoga and meditation help you to streamline your metabolism and neurological balance. Please consult a psychologist for further information. Psychotherapy techniques should suit your requirement. If you require more of my help in this aspect, Please post a direct question to me in this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe the needed psychotherapy techniques. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor I would keep a possibility of Intertwine, which is inflammation of the body folds. There is superimposed candida infection in most cases (Candida Intertwine). Clinically intertwine presents as red, moist, scaly patches of skin on closely opposed body folds. Closely opposing body folds e.g. finger webs, thighs/groin, maxilla, submammary folds etc. can trap sweat, heat and moisture, therefore making the area prone to Intertwine. If I was the treating doctor I would have asked to use a topical antifungal like clotrimazole/ketoconazole/fluconazole cream, twice daily, regularly for 4 weeks. An OTC antihistamine e.g. cetirizine spy, once daily would help in symptomatic itch relief. An Antifungal dusting powder e.g. clotrimazole dusting powder, would not only keep the area Chat Doctor. Regards
HiT hank you for asking ChatDoctorI have gone through your query. It is normal to have ejaculation while sleeping if you don't masturbate. You don't need to worry about that. You can have regular exercise like swimming jogging etc. which may help you in decreasing those episodes. That doesn't cause any impact on your future fertility or libido. Hope this may help you. Let me know if you have any further query.
In that case, I am going to prescribe you with Gabapentin or Pregabalin to treat your neuropathic pain. You also need to regulate your blood sugar by taking Insulin Glargine or Insulin Aspart, Human, along with Glipizide or Glyburide. Additionally, you can take Sitagliptin to improve blood sugar control or Rosiglitazone to increase insulin sensitivity. If you have any cuts or sores on your feet, I recommend applying Silver Sulfadiazine topical to prevent infection. In case of any non-healing wounds, Allcyte Collagenase topical may be applied. Lastly, consume more fiber in your diet or take Cellulose supplements to regulate your bowel movements.
Hi, First thing is your family history in most important because of various personality traits along with environment in which your grown is very imp.U should understand our brain gets conditioned according to our childhood family life. Second thing if your not able to form stable relations even if u want ......than do think... whether u assigns a role to very individual in your contact... from your set of principles which other person has to accept because of your forceful nature or your set of rules....if this is the case than u have to consult a psychiatrist because it may b form of personality disorder because of which chronic emptiness, feeling lonely, always in search of company, low mood, rejection,guilt etc. occurs. A good CBT and psychiatric counselling will b helpfulthanx.
Hi ! Good evening. I am Chat Doctor answering your query. If I were your doctor, I would advise you for some blood tests like a CBC, LFT, serum amylase and lipase, a urine routine/microscopic/culture and sensitivity test and a stool test for ova and cyst. I would treat any one of these if positive, and also advise you not to eat from outside if you do to prevent any intestinal infections creeping in and also to prevent any kind of sensitivity reaction of your intestinal mucosa to some components of fast and fried food. Management would depend on a physical examination and reports of investigations. Till then, you could go for some anti-spasmodic Chat Doctor. I hope this information would help you in discussing with your family physician/treating doctor in further management of your problem. Please do not hesitate to ask in case of any further doubts. Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor to clear doubts on your health problems. I wish you an early recovery. Chat Doctor.
Thanks for the query. By description, it seems adults are giving in demands of the child. The yesterday's meal was high in salt and sugar and fructose and GO how many more chemicals in the form of stabilizers, preservatives etc. Her body seems to be throwing the toxins ingested. My advice is to wait and watch and visit her doctor if vomiting persist. Do not worry if she doesn't take a meal or so. Do not force anything, but please do not give any junk food, it is never replacement of regular food. You can offer her banana, lemon water, buttermilk etc. You are the parent, and you are supposed to enforce these things.
Thanks for your query, I have gone through your query. The painand swelling could be because of the tooth infection. Sensitivity is the initial symptom of decay. Consult an oral physician and get a radiograph done to rule out any infection. If there is tooth infection, then get it restored with RCT or Extraction. Cough and tooth infection are two different conditions. You can take a course of antibiotics and analgesics like amoxicillin 500 mg and metronidazole 400 mg TID for 5 days (if you are not allergic). Do saline gargling. I hope my answer will help you, take care.
Happen 250 mg Tablet is a Penicillin group antibiotic containing Penicillin V/ Phenoxymethyl penicillin (250 mg). Brands containing this penicillin is very less. It is not much prescribed nowadays. You can consult with your treating physician to prescribe you another antibiotic. Many effective antibiotics are available. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Regards Chat Doctor.
Hi. Thanks for your query. A dime sized lump can not be a cyst if it has appeared overnight. The site bellow the eye on the cheekbone can be swollen die to insect bite, again to say so because it has appeared in a short span, is painful and squishy. Get an antihistamine and a short course of oral steroids. I hope it will be fine. Please do not fiddle with it, as this area if skin is very sensitive and the edema increases very fast even on a slight handling. Give it some time, it will heal nicely.
Hello, I have studied your case. I will advise you to do MRI spindle to compression of this nerve root there can be back pain associated with it. For these symptoms analgesic and neurotrophic medication can be started. Till time, avoid lifting weights, Sit with support to back. You can consult physiotherapist for help. Physiotherapy like ultrasound and inferential therapy will give quick relief. Core stabilizing spine exercises will help. I will advise checking your it B12 and it D3 level. Hope this answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your queries. Wishing you good health. Take care.
Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I think you don't need any more education about depression. But I still suggest your know how about depression and cure is limited. Depression is usually treated with the help of medicines, psychotherapy, motivation therapy, CBT and lifestyle changes. You are having medicines, alright. You need to consult a psychologist for information and treatment in the other forms of therapies. Furthermore, you will be able to manage your depression your own if you learn practice these therapies. Medicines are also part of the treatment regime. But you will become less dependent on medicines. If you require more of my help in this aspect, please use this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.
Hi, thanks for using Chat Doctor Star aureus bacterial infection can have varied severity from mild to severe. The presence of reduced kidney and heart function would significantly affect his ability to respond appropriately to treatment, but it is possible that he may recover. Unfortunately no doctor can absolutely accurately predict how long any patient would live but his doctors with daily knowledge of his blood tests and examination findings would be in a better position to determine his prognosis. I hope this helps
Hi. Noted gallbladder stone on ultrasound result. If your symptom is recurring, persistent, progressing - it is best if you consult with a doctor, preferably a general surgeon, so you can discuss with him the plan of management for your case (conservative or clinical monitoring of your gallstone vs surgical intervention). Definitive treatment is cholecystectomy (removal of your gallbladder along with the stone), which can be done laparoscopically (gold standard) or through open technique. It is not an emergent case, but there must be a sense of urgency in managing your case especially if you're already experiencing symptoms. Low fat diet is also recommended as intake of fatty meal triggers/aggravates biliary colic. Hope this helps. Good day!!~ Chat Doctor.
The information that you have provided is insufficient to give you reasonable advice. First, there is no surgery to remove pre-cancerous cells from the body. Second, none of your symptoms suggest that you have cancer or even pre-cancer. You seem to be suffering from a bout Cory and common cold. If you could provide information regarding any investigations that you have undergone or the nature of the surgery that you have been advised, I am may be able to enlighten you further. It would be a good idea to ask your doctor about this
Hi.dear user., Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor., Blotchy sunburn like rash on arms., could be Nutritional dermatitis...it is caused by., Deficiency of NIACIN., (Pellagra)., So follow.,1) Morning Calamine lotion .on affected part., it acts as soothing lotion gives cooling effect.,2) Night... Momentasome and gentamicin cream., on affected part.ok.,3) Cap. Bcomplex and Zinc., daily.,4) Niacin tablets.ok than
Hi, The symptoms you describe is typically caused by positional vertigo - a condition which is related to vestibular system in your ear. I would suggest you to consult an ENT specialist if you haven't seen one yet. You would need careful examination of you ear, test like audio gram / Dix Hall pikes test to confirm the cause. Vestibular exercises will help you in the long term. Wish you good luck and speedy recovery. Regards
Hello, I have gone through your query and understood the concern. Since the menstrual pattern in the current cycle is a deviation from your normal in addition to your symptoms of frequent micturition and headaches, I suggest that you test for pregnancy through the estimation of the serum beta-ChatDoctor titles. If negative, which is more likely in view of your regularity in consuming the pill, the next possible cause is a urinary tract infection which should be excluded through urinalysis. A trans-vaginal/pelvic sonogram is also needed to know the status of the pelvic organs and exclude any cysts. Hope this helps.
Hi! Good evening. I am Chat Doctor answering your query. Even though it needs a thorough physical examination of your oral cavity and neck on the way to have a clinical diagnosis of these lumps, I would advise you to go for a FNAC (fine needle aspiration cytology) of these lumps after getting it clinically assessed by a general surgeon/ENT surgeon/maxillofacial surgeon. I would also advise you not to delay on this to get the best possible outcome from the treatment. I hope this information would help you in discussing with your family physician/treating doctor in further management of your problem. Please do not hesitate to ask in case of any further doubts. Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor to clear doubts on your health problems. I wish you an early recovery. Chat Doctor.
Hi, dear. I have gone through your question. I can understand your concern.  If you have mugs from many years and recently develop lytic lesion and some lump then you have very high chance of developing multiple myeloma.  You should go for protein electrophoresis and biopsy of lump. If needed also go for bone marrow examination.  Then take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Hi, dear. I have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You may have some enlarged cervical lymph node due to reactive hyperplasia.  Any infection in Chat Doctor.  No need to worry about that. It will go away by itself.  If it remains persistent then antibiotic treatment is required. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
HelloThanks for your query, based on the facts that you have posted it appears that you have pain in tip of your penis due to inflammation of terminal part of urethra(Urethritis). Please get your routine urine test and urine culture done to find out the organisms causing this infection and antibiotics to which they are sensitive to. Please take broad spectrum antibiotics like Čeferin along with urinary antiseptic like Nitrofurantoin twice daily and urine alkalizer thrice daily. Later on switch on to appropriate antibiotics as per culture report. Get the prescription of medicines from your family Physician. Ensure to Chat Doctor. To keep your urine dilute This will help to control dysuria.
Hi, Thank you for posting your query. It is difficult to ascertain the cause of these bumps without examination. However, possibilities include infection or hematoma (collection of blood). In view of malaise, it could be infection. You should show him to a GP, and do routine investigations such as blood counts, serum electrolytes, blood sugar, etc. He would get better with proper treatment. I hope it helps. Please get back if you require any additional information. Best wishes, Chat Doctor. Ly/
Tithe problem you have outlined does not appear to be due to a kidney issue (though deny Chat Doctor.  This sounds more like a bacillary or amoebic dysentery or gastroenteritis which could have been contracted during her travels to a new country. I suggest she takes plenty of fluids if her kidneys are doing well, and as a matter of fact, replenish her oral salts every time she passes a loose stool. She might need to take some probiotics and antibacterials and anti-emetic
Based on the symptoms you described, it is possible that you or your infant may have Down syndrome. I would recommend further testing and evaluation for a proper diagnosis.
Hello! Welcome on Chat Doctor ! Your symptoms seem to be related to anxiety and tension type headache. It seems to be related to psychological stress. Nothing serious seems to be going on! Coming to this point, I would recommend consulting with a psychiatrist of psychotherapist in order to help manage anxiety. Physical activity (Yoga, aerobics, sports, etc.) can help in this regard. I would also recommend checking thyroid hormone levels to exclude thyroid dysfunction. Hope you will find this answer helpful! Best wishes,
Hi, I am Chat Doctor.  I have read your question and understand your concerns. Let me try to help you Question 1 : Both my parents had strokes and I'm wondering if this could be a TIA? There are fewer chances of this being a TIA Question 2 : Or is I should have it checked duties You have to have this checked at once Please consult a Neurosurgeon at the earliest Hope you found the answer helpful. If you need any clarification / have doubts / have additional questions / have follow-up questions, then please do not hesitate in asking again. I will be happy to answer your questions. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care.
Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Your child has fever for 22 days, and you have given cefuroxime for 7 days followed by definite and ofloxacin and now child is on amoxyclav and ofloxacin and still child has fever. In typhoid, complications of gastrointestinal system starts appearing in 2 to 3 weeks and central nervous system complications in 3 to 4 weeks. This is an alarming situation. You should immediately admit the child in hospital. Intravenous antibiotics and blood culture will guide further treatment. I hope this will help you. Take care.
Hello thanks for choosing Chat Doctor for your health related queriesSudden episodes of fainting, rolling of fist or tightness, wide open eyes etc. symptoms can occur due to some neurological possibilities. Syncope, some seizure discharge or even sleep paralysis can cause similar symptoms. As this sudden loss of consciousness was associated with fainting and tightness of extremities, so it points more towards some seizure disorder. You should take her to a neuropsychiatric for proper help. She should undergo EEG testing to rule out any seizure focus and CT imaging to rule out any brain lesion if any. Once every thing comes normal then she can be evaluated with detail by a neuropsychiatric. Thanks, hope this helps you. Take care
Hi welcome to ChatDoctor-i had gone through your query and understand your concerns. I would come up with the possibility of CONTACT DERMATITIS is the cause for your sufferings.-this condition usually ALLERGIC BACKGROUND and the sunscreen lotion may be the triggering factor-avoid that lotion for prevention is advisable treatment option; I advise you taking HomeopatChatDoctoredicines gives safe and permanent cure for your complaints consult your local homeopathic physician for correct diagnosis of the case and remedy to fit your complaints I hope this is helpful for you, thank you
Hi, Thanks for writing in. You might be having chronic pyelonephritis. Since this has been happening for the last one year therefore there is scarring in the kidneys' collection.  This scarring can cause a prominent collecting system which can be the reason for appearance on CT. Usually this can happen even after the infection is treated. Since you have an abdominal pain and fever, therefore it is essential to get urine culture is important. Sometimes, with fever a blood culture can also be helpful in the diagnosis of an infection causing organism in blood. Doing antibiotic sensitivity at the same time will give an indication on which antibiotics are to be taken for treatment.
Hi, How are you? I am so sorry to hear about your fathers condition. One thing not clear form your question is whether the stone in the bile duct was removed. Stenting is normally done after ERCP and stone removal to give the bile duct a chance to heal. Once adequate time has elapsed, the stent no longer serves any purpose and hence is removed. The reason it has to be removed or exchanged with a new one at regular intervals is due to the fact that long-standing stents are prone to blockage and infection both of which can have potentially serious consequences. But given your dads condition, and if he does not have any symptoms like pain, fever, jaundice, etc. it is my opinion that you could wait on the stent removal with a very, very low threshold to get it removed if any symptoms arise. Hope this helps, and please do not hesitate to contact me for further clarifications.
Hi welcome to Chat Doctor forum.  Thanks for calling Chat Doctor. Forum.  You have got severe abdominal like that of hungry pain but no feeling to eat, no relief after going to bathroom.  It appears to be due to gastric hyperacidity, due to peptic ulcer, or may be due to irritant diet.  I advise you to consult a gastroenterologist for diagnosis and treatment. You may need to have gastrostomy, M.R.I.besides other routine tests for confirmation.  Wishing for a quick and complete recovery.  Best regards.
Hello, I understand your concerns. The duration of action for Tylenol is only about 4 hours and the fever will recur until her body is fighting the virus. If she is feeding okay, and is active when she does not have fever, it is not concerning. Warning Signs:1. She is lethargic and Chat Doctor.  She is refusing feeds 3. Furthermore, she is peeing less than once in 6 hours4. Furthermore, she has fast breathing 5. She is irritable and crying continuously any of the above are present, take her to a pediatrician. Otherwise, the fever should settle in another day or two. Has this answered your question? Hope she gets well soon!
You will need to take Triamterene, Telmisartan (Micardis), Imipramine, Norethindrone (Loestrin Fe), and Primidone to treat your breast cyst. Please follow the medication instructions carefully and come back for a follow-up appointment in two weeks.
Hi, The rashes since occurring on the exposed part may be due to allergic response or due to any infection or infestation. Allergic reaction, scabies or even any infections like fungal or bacterial can cause this type of presentation. It is better if you can upload a high quality photo of it which will help us in better diagnosis. For now, you can take antihistamine Chat Doctor.  This will help in preventing the symptoms for now. Regards
HelloThanks for query. You have undergone surgery of Neurectomy through flank incision and now getting lump at the site of scar. This is definitely a what is called as Incisional Hernia which occurs due to separation of muscles sutured during surgery. Consult the surgeon who has performed first surgery or a general surgeon. It needs to get repaired by putting proline mesh (Herniorrhaphy). Chat Doctor.
Dear Syedshakeer, there are possibility that she might have nephrotic syn Chat Doctor. In this condition such kind of things happen. Please strictly follow the medicines doses and along with the dietary guidelines given. She is quite young and at this age you can afford to take changes. Keep in regular contact with your doctor. Do not discontinue cyclone without asking your doctor. Bye and wishing her very best for her recovery.
Hi I am Chat Doctor. .  Actually amitriptyline HCl is a type of antidepressant used for balancing chemicals in your brain. Sometimes used as a painkiller or a sedating agent to help you sleep with patients having severe chronic pain.  You could not use it without your doctor prescription especially with Prozac as both antidepressants may cause severe side effects sometimes very dangerous or even fatal with increased doses.  In my opinion if you have a kind of neuropathic pain pregabalin or gabapentin will be more reliable but you have to ask your trading doctor for best dosing if you are using any other medications for other health issues.  You may avoid heavy lifting, over weighing, vigorous movements, bad sleeping or sitting postures and high cholesterol or high protein and salty components, and you will feel better soon.  For my patients I recommend painkillers like Advil tab when needed, hot gentle massaging with topical gels of anti-inflammatory, B12 vitamin supplements, muscle relaxants will be effective for most of the cases. Steroid tabs or injection may be needed in more sever cases.  B12 supplements and pregabalin have best results with nerve pains, if pain persist I recommend some lab investigations like urinalysis, ASCOT, Rheumatoid factor and X-rays, MRI and follow them up with your physician for proper evaluation and management of the underlying causes of such nerve pain. Please click and consider a 5-star rating with some positive feedback if the information was helpful. Wish you good health, Any further clarifications feel free to ask.
Dear patient Epidural injection is gone given in epidural space and contains steroid escort which reduces inflammation and swelling around nerves. Since you have got disc prolapse at two levels and not relieves with medication and physiotherapy it might be helpful. But what are the canal diameter at disc levels that is not mentioned.  If spinal canal diameter is less than 8 mm at disc prolapse levels then epidural steroid injection will not work and surgery is required to remove disc. Also, epidural injection benefits more in leg pain relief than back pain relief. So you can go for spinal Injection and hope for the best and no one can guarantee permanent relief. They are very safe and given under local anesthesia without any significant side effects.
Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. Your wife has history of breast cancer and taken treatment.  Her current problem of heavy bleeding has no relation with breast cancer. She may have adenomyosis or fibroid in uterus, and it leads to heavy bleeding.  You should go for ultrasound abdomen and endometrial biopsy.  It will give you exact diagnosis. Then you should take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Hello, The symptoms seem to be related to a sinus infection. I see you have already taken a cycle of antibiotics to treat the infection. I recommend using an antihistamine such as Cetirizine to relieve the rash. Furthermore, I also recommend using a Calamine lotion for local application. Furthermore, I suggest to Chat Doctor. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further.
HelloThanks for query. The pinkish bump on scrotal sac is most likely to be A Sebaceous Cyst.However, diagnosis can be confirmed only on clinical examination in person by a qualified General Surgeon or urologist. The scrotal skin is rich in sebaceous glands and hence prone to get more sebaceous cyst due to accumulation of sebum beneath the skin. Normally they fade away without treatment however need to be treated if increase in size or get infected. You can take antibiotics like Augmenting twice daily for a couple of days .If it does not subside consult qualified Surgeon for clinical assessment and further treatment Chat Doctor.
Hi Dear, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Understanding your concern. As per your query you have pain and soreness in the knee. Well there can be many reasons for symptoms you mention in query like damaged Menisci, tendinitis, osteoarthritis, gout, bursitis or Chen Chat Doctor.  I would suggest you to consult orthopedic surgeon for proper examination. Doctor may order certain tests like CT scan, MRI and physical examination. Doctor may prescribe muscle relaxant along with anti-inflammatory and recommend physical therapy. Doctor may also recommend surgery in severe damage. For now apply warm compresses, take proper rest and take ibuprofen or acetaminophen for pain. Hope your concern has been resolved. Get Well Soon. Best Wishes,
Hi, This can be as simple as musculoskeletal pain, yes... and manipulation of your middle thoracic can help but if the pain is sharp in your chest and referred to arms, shoulders and jaw, or it is like pressure on your chest then you should check an ECG to rule out any other problem. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Amman Darragh, Physical Therapist or Physiotherapist
Your lower back pain could be related to the compression fractures or from local inflammation that developed late. There are a few options for managing this pain1. I would recommend a repeat X-ray of the spine to exclude any changes in the bones since the original fall (since the last X-ray was one month back its possible things have changed since then)2. Physical therapy is often very helpful and can be tried3. In terms of medications, you could try Acetaminophen (Tylenol) 325-650 mg every 4-6 hours as needed. Do not take more than 3,000 mg of Acetaminophen over a 24-hour period. You can also try Ibuprofen (400-800 mg three times a day with food)- it has an anti-inflammatory effect. Do not take Ibuprofen if you have a history of chronic kidney disease, bleeding from your gut or severe reflux. Since the X-ray will need to be ordered and interpreted by a physician, I recommend you see your primary care doctor too.
Hello, Premature ejaculation and erectile dysfunction could happen due to variety of factors like hyperthyroidism, anxiety, diabetics, hypertension or hypo-tension, stress etc. You need to get an online consultation with me to pinpoint what is the reason behind your present difficulty in erection and premature ejaculation. You are obese. That obesity could also contribute to ED and PE. Therefore, I suggest online sex counseling and consultation. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hello there, Thanks for your query. You did not tell about any pain in the related area or related to crown any problem. It may be normal but I would like to suggest you that maintain good oral hygiene and rinse your mouth properly after each meal, if you feel any pain or any other symptom please visit back to your dentist for thorough examination including x-ray. For your gum piece you can go to your dentist for its correction. Nothing to get worried. Take care.
Hi Brittney, Thanks for writing in. I understand you experience the pain only sometimes and when you are doing activities like sitting, standing or moving. The pain you have mentioned could be arising due to a small problem with the nerves supplying your lower back. I would like you to meet an orthopedic surgeon and get examined. He may give you medicines that will improve your pains. Hope it helps.
Hi, Post heart attack patients frequently on risk for depression which can lead to crying spells. But you reported crying only very few occasions, which according to me do not need intervention. Just incorporate aerobic exercise and healthy diet in routine. But, if problem is prolonged or severe and leading to frequent interpersonal problems, then for assessment and treatment, you can visit specialist like psychiatrist. I hope this information has been both informative and helpful for you. Wish you Good Health.
Hi! With such presentations in my clinic I must consider following reason:1. Resistant infection/ sterile abscess or unhealthy wound closure/mal-alignment2. Suture granulomas3. Atypical mycobacterial infection4. Scar endometriosis5. Sinus formation due to uterine/abdominal wall continuous infectionTherefore, you must not waste your time and must see your surgeon for detection what exactly is going on... I also suggest you to go for USG and a microbiological/cytological test like FNAC of the secretion for confirmation and to relieve your concerns! Hope this answers your question. If you have additional questions or follow-up questions then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your questions. Wishing you good health.
Hi...when style occurs the surrounding tissues would have swollen up. This is the reason for the eye to be looking smaller than normal. This may take 4 - 6 weeks to completely settle down. Do not worry. But style can recur again and if this happens I suggest you get back to your ophthalmologist. Once the redness and swollen tissues will get back to normal the eye will be appearing normal again. Regards - Chat Doctor.
Hi, I had gone through your question and understand your concernsScoliosis in your age needs no further surgical treatment, but really it may cause symptoms like pain. You should do new x-ray for your lumbosacral spine or better to do MRI.For my patients in just condition I will advise them to wear a supportive brace, Avoidance of any heavy activities, receiving muscle relaxant and strong analgesia when needed.
Hello, You need a complete work up to know the cause of your infertility. You did not mention why you had to use the Chat Doctor.  The cause of the irregularity of your menstrual cycles should be observed and unless the reason is disclosed it is not possible to suggest proper rectification and a fruitful outcome cannot be expected from any sort of treatment. Your partner should also be assessed. I advise you to see an infertility specialist for further management. Take care.
Hi, although your TSH level is quite elevated but T3 and T4 are within normal range and you don't need aye external administration of thyroxine now but at least once a year you should go for its follow up as increased TSH indicates that thyroid gland is not able to secrete enough T3, T4 with normal TSH and that is why TSH secretion has been increased to stimulate the gland further, so a follow-up is required. Are you using any hormonal pills, as they may cause weight gain. For your cough and cold you can take some anti-histaminic like levocetrizine, you can take some inhalation if NASA congestion is also present like compound menthol inhalation, sensor ointment inhalation, position nasal Chat Doctor. You should try to avoid exposure to cold and all this allergen which invoke bronchospasm in your case. You should ask your physician or physiotherapist to tell some respiratory exercises which are known to improve lung function.
Hi, Thanks for writing your query. After reading your post, I would suggest you that you should also add antifungal and antibiotic as local application in addition to HY Chat Doctor.  You can use local application of antibiotic like gentamicin and antifungal like fluconazole for relief. If pus is present you can get a culture/sensitivity test of the pus done to know the appropriate antibiotic. Keep the area clean and
Hello, Thanks for writing your query to us. The symptoms which you had mentioned suggest that you are in depression.  Depression is a mental state characterized by a pessimistic sense of inadequacy and a despondent lack of activity. It is an emotional disorder, and nothing to be ashamed of. But often, people who are in depression are suffering from pessimistic thoughts about themselves. These pessimistic thoughts lead to even further depression making a cycle that gets hard to stop. In depression a person loses his energy to cope with a challenge. I would suggest that you should meet a psychologist who will be able to help you. They will listen to your problem & start counseling sessions. You are really stressed out & you need to take this initiativeTake care.
Hello friend, Thank you for posting your query through Chat Doctor. You know that YOU as a person started existing in this world as a single celled organism in your mothers womb when the half cell of your father in the form of sperm and half cell of your mother in the form of ovum got united. Your present structure of your body was there in the single cell in a miniature form. You know that your present mind also originated from that single cell. If your body and mind took their origin from that primordial single cell, your health also should have its origin from your parents. Then what about your ill health? It also should have its origin definitely from your parents. We call this genetic science in Homeopathy the theory of Miasma. This simply means your health and disease are decided by your genetics. Your environments influence you positively or negatively to precipitate your inborn genetic tendencies in the form of various diseases. Now coming back to your panic attacks. You have agreed that you are hypersensitive physically to smell, food items etc. Similarly, your mind also is hypersensitive to the extent of producing panic attacks. Till date, you have not got any curative treatment because conventional medicine does not have at present a genetic and constitutional treatment method to help you and that is why your doctors explained it away as electrical. The reasons you mention are only triggering factors and till this day you are not cured. I am a Homeopath, and therefore I can confidently say that Homeopathy can cure you because Homeopathy is the only method today that considers your genetics and constitution to find your curative individualistic remedy. In Homeopathy there are 37 remedies to cure your sudden fear or panic. Out of them which remedy will cure you can be decided by an expert Homeopathic physician only.Therefore, you are advised to approach an expert Homeopath at the earliest. You can also get back to me with more details through the premium follow-up question facility of Chat Doctor. I can help you to cure your panic attacks. With Best Wishes, Chat Doctor.  J. Varese, Homoeopath,
Hi, thank you for providing the brief history of you As you had a tipped off and injured your ankle I feel this will be totally a ligament injury and due to your action of not stabilizing the joint and loading weight on it. An x-ray will help understand if any hairline fracture is present. Also, the fever cannot be related to the ligament injury but may be a rise in temperature can occur due to Increases blood cells for healing of the injured part. Having a thorough clinical examination and an x-ray should help understand the injury and further management will be planned. Regards Jay In Chat Doctor.
Hallow Dear, Bleeding with recurring episodes at 10 weeks duration of pregnancy is not a good sign and needs investigations. Hormone levels may not be good indicators to help to diagnose babies jeopardy since it takes about 8-10 days for the hormone levels to Chat Doctor.  Your Chat Doctor levels were 22 mid. During pregnancy, they have to be more than 25 mid. Any levels between 5 mid and 25 mid suggest that the baby may have been jeopardized or the baby may be present outside the uterine cavity (ectopic pregnancy). I would suggest you to get ultrasonography done which will inform us:1. Whether the baby is viable2. Whether the baby is in the uterine cavity or not. If the viable baby is in the uterine cavity, you may start some Progestational medicine with the advice of your Obstetrician; and restrict yourself to the bed till you have full one week without ant vaginal bleeding. After one week, again repeat the ultrasonography scan and then your doctor can decide about the further line of action. I hope this helps you.
You will need to take Flecainide to treat your PVCs.
Hi Ms. Hemp, As you are on ovulation induction, the first thing to be suspected is pregnancy. You should take a pregnancy test with a fresh early morning sample. If it is ambiguous, go for the blood pregnancy test and a trans-vaginal sonogram and report to your consultant for further management. Your symptoms may be premenstrual as well and are not specific for an early pregnancy. Wish you success.
Hello, I have studied your case. As per your history there is possibility of soft tissue injury in knee. Most commonly meniscus injury occurs may be associated collateral ligament injury. If pain persists then you may need to do MRI knee to see for any functional defect. As per your symptoms you need to do physiotherapy and knee exercises to improve range of motion. Rest and ice fomentation along with supportive brace will help to reduce swelling and pain. Small meniscus tear can be managed conservatively with physiotherapy with USG and TENS. Meniscus injury can be managed by arthroscopic repair. Hope this answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your queries. Wishing you good health. Take care.
I stopped taking it because of how it was constipating me and making me more and more paranoid. I needed to get some sleep and eat some fiber and Chat Doctor.  Furthermore, I naturally have had disordered eating so I am not really overweight as such and I have used speed before which has similar effects on the mind and body as bromine. Furthermore, I can handle it mostly. Scat means scatter brain, like a come down, disorientated or disassociated sorta... a bit out of it in another world.
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor. Thanks for your query. I understand that you are quite distressed about the feelings for a girl you had come across recently. Though it is fairly normal for persons to have emotional attachments / feelings towards someone they like, this becomes a problem if it starts affecting your life and daily routine. Moreover, it is not rational to keep thinking about her and having feelings for her when you know that she is already married to someone else. So, I would suggest that you go for counselling in order to help you overcome these thoughts and feelings. Wish you all the best.
Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor, thank you for your query. It may be lymphoma, but it has to be confirmed by biopsy. You didn't mention what exactly this previous biopsy showed. If this is just skin cancer then I don't think this is related to your risk of lymphoma. So your lack of energy probably isn't sign of new cancer.it can be signed of various other diseases. Lymphomas can be also ruled out by certain blood tests and sternal function. Wish you good health. Regards.
Hallow Dear, You have to consider multiple things while trying for pregnancy. 1. Even though your one tube is removed, remaining one tube is very much capable of picking up the eggs discharged from both the ovaries for conception, provided that tube is patent. I would advise you to undergo hysterosalpingography (X-ray of the uterus and tube after filling in radio-opaque dye) and/or Laparoscopy to assess then patency of the tube, normalcy of the uterine cavity (HSG) and any adhesions in the pelvis (Laparoscopy). 2. You are having irregular menstruation. Though one test by ovulation monitoring kit has indicated ovulation, maybe you are not ovulating regularly every month. You may undergo regular ovulation monitoring by ultrasonography. This will guide you for the day of intercourse also. Furthermore it can find out the thickening of the uterine lining and size of the follicle when egg was released. Follicles between 18-21 mm size give best results. 3. Please get your husbands' semen also examined for its quality.4. If you have missed your period for one month, it is a good idea to get pregnancy test done on the overnight first morning urine sample. I hope this should help you.
Hi! Thanks for writing to us and sharing your health concerns regarding multiple lumps in the nape of the neck region! When a person comes to my clinic first I examine him/her if these are matted lymph nodes or not and then I go for a simple FNAC/needle BIOPSY TEST from at least two different nodules which are larger! In such cases I think of few possibilities like:1. Non-specific infection in the scalp skin like Dan Chat Doctor.  Benign and not to worry; possibility 98%2. Tuberculosis or sarcoidosis-like chronic disorder possibility 1.5%3. Lymphoma/leukemia or metastatic carcinoma or any other malignant tumor possibility only 0.05%Therefore you must see your doctor for a physical examination and few necessary investigations and thereby relieving your tension. Hope you got the answer. Please revert to us if any more queries. Wishing you good health!
Hi, I guess your concern is to become pregnant, and whether these - lubes, tampons are hindering from you becoming pregnant? Right? As per the details you have given, my straight forward answer is Yes, you can become pregnant. Well, you have not shared the information as how old are you? What's your exact age and whether you are in the reproductive stage? Well, with this discussion try out my suggestions:1. Have patience, things will settle down slowly.2. Try to do more episodes of sex in fertile period for next 4-5 months, hopefully you will get result by this3. If no results after 4-5months/you are in to becoming pregnant, visit your nearby gynecologist/infertility specialist for further help. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi, Yes, she had her last period on 14 January and you were on leave from Feb 3 to 9,which is Around the time of ovulation, and it is very, very likely that it is your baby, unless you have some other suspicion. This confusion is because ovulation occurs roughly two weeks after first day of the last period, but the pregnancy is calculated from the first day of last period. So, it is fitting into the time frame. If you still have doubts, you could go for DNA analysis of yourself, and the baby after the baby is born. Hope this helps. Regards.
Hello! Thank you for asking on Chat Doctor! Your symptoms seem to be related to low blood pressure. Other possible situations (like chronic anemia, deny Chat Doctor.  Coming to this point, I would recommend consulting with your attending physician for a physical exam and some tests: - a resting ECG-complete blood count for anemia-blood electrolytes- liver and kidney function tests-fasting glucose. You should discuss with your doctor on the above issues. Meanwhile, I would recommend increasing salt intake and take plenty of fluids to stay well HY
Based on your symptoms, it seems like you have an open wound of the ear, which could be causing the discomfort and pain you are feeling.
Hello, Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. I understand your concern. If I am your doctor I suggest you that measles require visual examination to get diagnose, if you can provide image to me, I can help you. You can get tested for measles by ELISA test, if it gives you positive tester than you have to take antibiotics for prevention of secondary infection and paracetamol for prevention of fever. Measles is self limiting and will be clear by itself. I will be happy to answer your further concerned can contact me. Chat Doctor. Infectious disease specialist. Thank you.
HelloThanks for query. Based on the report of your semen analysis that you have posted I would like to make comments as detailed below All the macroscopic characters like appearance, viscosity.liquefaction time and pH are within normal range. The total sperm count of 36 millions is little lower than accepted range of 15-20 millions per ml of semen (Oligospermia) Morphology of sperms and Motility of active grade sperm being 25% and progressive to be 65% is normal to effect pregnancy. Presence of 2-4 pus cells suggest infection and needs to be treated with antibiotic like Doxycycline twice daily for 34-6 weeks. Repeat semen analysis after two months on completion of antibiotics. Chat Doctor.
Hello, Since your injury is 10 yrs old, so it is very unlikely to still have a broken rib, floating ribs are the last two ribs which doesn't have sternal attachments, thats normal anatomy and not a pathology. A collapsed lung in itself is not painful until and unless there is pleural involvement, though adhesions that cause adherence of pleura to surrounding chest wall may well be a cause for the pain. Pain may be because of fibrosis in intercostal muscles. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care
Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. You do not want to repeat the mistakes of your past, well said. As you said, dysthymia is often disappointing. Years of research by eminent researchers (including me) do confirm that medicines alone cannot cure any depressive disorders. Researches also conclude that psychotherapy and relaxation exercises and meditation have a very good effect on these. Therefore, please consult a psychotherapist. If you require more of my help in this aspect, Please post a direct question to me in this website. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. I shall prescribe the needed psychotherapy techniques which should help you cure your condition further. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.
Hello and Welcome to Ask A Doctor service.  I have reviewed your query and here is my advice.  His tongue and throat symptoms might be due to a viral infection known as deranging which is usually associated with fever.  Or a herpes infection(non-genital).  Where are the swollen, painful lymph nodes located?  Anywhere else besides on his neck? Fever? Weight loss? Bleeding into skin? Cough?  Because how you describe the boy and with the family history, I urge you to take him to the ER as soon as possible.  Hope I have answered your query.  Let me know if I can assist you further.  Arnold EDD, MD, FLAP
Hello and welcome, You seem to have a torch test showing high titles of rubella and CMV. They are both viruses and are responsible for causing abortions and birth defects if the mother is infected with them during pregnancy. These infections are common and only active infections during pregnancy harm the baby. You are having high titles of the Egg antibody. This antibody comes after recovering from the infection and indicates that there was an infection in the past. The normal levels are less than 1. However, your rubella and CMV Egg is a bit on the higher side even now. So please get it tested after a month or so and see if levels are decreasing. If they are decreasing you may attempt pregnancy. Also start taking folic acid tablets to help prevent brain defects in the baby. Hope this was helpful. Best of luck for your quest for pregnancy. ChatDoctor Badge Consultant Ob GY
Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You have postauricular lymph node.  It is mostly due to reactive lymph node enlargement due to some infection. You should take a course of antibiotics.  If you don't get respond to the treatment then biopsy diagnosis is advised. Consult your doctor and take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Hi dear AND THANKS FOR YOUR QUERY. All the signs and symptoms may be related with IRENA insertion, but you should exclude any urinary infection while you refer for frequent urination associated with back and abdominal pain.Hence, get an urinalysis done. If the urine is infected contact with your doctor to take treatment. If it is negative than these symptoms can be from the insertion of IRENA. All the best
Hello! Welcome on Chat Doctor! I passed carefully through your question and would explain that Lyme disease can mimic all this clinical scenario. A thyroid dysfunction can not be excluded either. Coming to this point, I would recommend repeat the blood lab tests for Lyme disease and perform a Western Blot test too. From the other hand, it is necessary also performing further tests to investigate for other possible causes: - a chest X-ray study-complete blood count, PCR, ESR for inflammation- a cardiac ultrasound- an ambulatory 24-48 hours ECG monitoring in order to examine your heart rhythm trends for a prolonged time and exclude possible cardiac arrhythmia- thyroid hormone levels for possible dysfunction. You should discuss with your doctor on the above issues. Kind regards,
Dear Patient, sure, this is called uremic breath. This is due by the elimination of some volatile molecules containing above with the breath. This happens when serum academia starts to be high. To be sure about this, please do blood tests searching for serum academia. If it is high, you can reduce these symptoms with a low protein diet with or without the supplement of protein food. I suggest discussing this problem with your nephrologist. Maybe your kidney function is getting worse. Take care.
Hi, thanks for sharing your health concerns with Chat Doctor!  Well, in your case the values should first be mentioned and if any problem you feel...weakness, bleeding, sweating, fever etc... As per your description, these are all signs of a failing bone marrow as all products of the marrow are inadequate; therefore you need a bone marrow examination to comment any farther! However, it might be some temporary or potentially treatable condition; consult some hematologist or write to us with all details... Hope this answers your question. If you have additional questions or follow-up questions then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your questions. Wishing you good health.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. In my opinion, you are mostly having stress and anxiety related palpitations. But better to rule out arrhythmia (disturbances in heart rhythm) because this can actually also cause similar symptoms. So get done ECG, 2d echo and Holder monitoring (24 hour continuous monitoring of ECG). If all these are normal then no need to worry about heart diseases. Stress and anxiety appear more likely in your case. So avoid stress and tension, be relaxed and calm. Consult psychiatrist and get done counselling sessions. Try to identify stressor in your life and start working on its solution. You may need anxiolytic Chat Doctor.  Don't worry, you will be alright. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.
HelloThanks for query. Based on your statement you have Oligospermia meaning there by that your sperm count is very low as compared to WHO standards. It is not only the sperm count but sperm motility is also important factor in conception. With such a low sperm count there are no chances of you having natural conception You need to consult qualified Infertility specialist for detail evaluation and semen analysis. There are no chances of you having natural conception . If there are active motile sperms in your semen there is possibility that few of your sperms can be picked up and used for IVF or CSI so that you can have child with your sperms. Chat Doctor.
Hello. Thank you for asking at Chat Doctor. I would like to ask more questions like - did you have fever? Have you had such episodes in past? Do you have any other symptoms apart from nasal obstruction like sneezing, itching in nose, running nose, etc.? However, from your history, I would suggest you to take Levocetirizine and Montelukast for 3-5 days and nasal cavity irrigation with saline nasal spray 3-4 times daily. Steam inhalation will also help. Hope this will be helpful to you. Wish you a quick recovery and the best of the health. Regards. Chat Doctor.
Cellophane You for contacting Chat Doctor. As the rashes have reappeared so I would suggest you to visit a dermatologist for detailed examination by directly looking at the rashes. For recurrent allergy I would suggest you to take montelukast one daily for one month. Research has shown that it decreases the allergic symptoms considerably. Hope this answers your question. If you have additional questions or follow-up questions then please do not hesitate in writing to us. Wishing you good health.
Based on your symptoms, it sounds like you may have plantar fasciitis. It's an inflammation of the tissue at the bottom of your foot that can be caused by excessive running, standing or walking.
Hi, How are you? Where are you writing from? The above set of labs suggests there is blockage of the bile duct (the pipe which empties bile juice from liver into the intestine) at some level. There are multiple reasons for this and can include something as simple as a stone inside the duct or could be something dangerous like cancer. The cause can be very easily found by doing a scan of the belly (ultrasound, CT, MRI etc.) and some simple blood tests to look for cancer. You could be treated based on that. Also, an endoscopy (ERCP) and stenting of the bile duct will bring down your jaundice levels. Medications usually will not work for this kind of jaundice. Hope this helped and hope you feel better soon. Please do not hesitate to contact me for further details or for sharing any scan reports - rxsuresh@gmail.com
Greetings ! Well your case scenario does indicate that you have elements of PTSD, but it cannot be completely described as PTSD since for PTSD the traumatic event which starts this condition needs to be too severe and devastating for the person to create a lot of stress in the persons' life, in your case you more suitably fit within the diagnostic parameters of a condition called as Situational anxiety disorder where the situation that evokes anxiety and Chat Doctor.  The fact that it all started when you were a 12-year-old just shows the age of onset of this condition, but it cannot be defined as PTSD as the emotional trauma that you were exposed to was not that catastrophic and unprecedented that is usually associated with PTSD. I will suggest you to seek CBT (Cognitive Behavior Therapy) from a clinical psychologist to work on your situational anxiety. I hope this helps. Regards.
HAI. U could have had a sensitive gut, or an inflammatory condition wChatDoctoris really painful and has aggravated during the procedure due to manipulation. Colonoscopy is a painful procedure, now u can take good amount of liquid, maintain your HY Chat Doctor.  Take pantoprazole (Proton pump inhibitors) and antacids like genus.don't worry. U can go for the procedure once your pain is reduced, good luck.
Hi ! Good afternoon and a Happy New Year 2014. I am Chat Doctor answering your query. With your history it seems that you have got a fungal infection with super added bacterial infection. The infection might have come by the way of trimming the pubic hair or might have come from the vaginal discharge of your wife during intercourse. In both the cases, you have to go for a topical antiseptic and antifungal ointments, and also a broad spectrum antibiotic for the cellulitis/infection in the thigh. I hope this information would help you in discussing with your family physician/treating doctor in planning your treatment. Thanks for using the Chat Doctor forum for your query on health. Wishing you an early recovery. Chat Doctor.
Hello, I understand your concern. I am Chat Doctor, infectious diseases specialist, answering your query. In my opinion you should take your X-ray face done. There is chance of blood and mucus coming from the sinus fracture. X-ray will tell you the nature of injury, if its fracture it is the emergency situation, and you should visit the nearby ER. Fracture should be attended as early as possible. If it remains unattended it can cause further bleeding. You can take tablet diclofenac and pantoprazole for pain and acidity. Please maintain local hygiene it clears the wound rapidly. I will be happy to answer your further concern, you can ask me on bit.ly/ Chat Doctor.  Thank you. ChatDoctorInfectious diseases specialist.
Hello, You seem to be having Polycystic ovarian syn Chat Doctor.  The problem with such a condition is an ovulation that is not able to release egg from the ovary. That is the reason your doctor was trying to get your LH level down by giving Overall L, and inositol to reduce insulin sensitivity. It would have been of much help, if you mention your weight and height. The delay in periods is also mostly because of PCs. The best and 1st line of treatment for this condition is weight loss with reduction of at least 5% of your present weight; your periods would get back to normal. To get pregnant, you definitely need help from your doctor as she would grow the follicles with her medication and give you the Chat Doctor injection for you to release egg that is to ovulate and give you exact days to have intercourse so that u can have a baby. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi, Usage of Monte results in side effects like:- Upper respiratory infection, sore throat, fever, cough, headache-Stomach pain, diarrhea-Earache or ear infections, sinus infections are common Possible eye infections are rare. It might be due to allergy or any underlying sinus infection. I advise you to continue the same medication prescribed by your doctor. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hello! Welcome and thank you for asking on Chat Doctor! Regarding your concern, I would not recommend taking statins unless you have dyslipidemia. You should know that our brain is made in great part from cholesterol. So cutting of cholesterol levels, can lead to memory problems. It is well studied that low cholesterol levels can lead to amnesia, insomnia and depression. So, I would not recommend statins for primary prevention, unless there is dyslipidemia (Total cholesterol/HDL ratio above 4.5 and LDL/HDL ratio above 3.5). Hope to have been helpful! Kind regards,
Hi, I understand your concern to stop or reduce frequency of masturbation. I can see that you are compelled to masturbate rather than for sexual pleasure. This causes significant distress to you, and you cannot concentrate in your career. Compulsive masturbation (One has to do rather than for pleasure) definitely needs psychiatric attention and treatment. Kindly consult a psychiatrist near your area. When patients with similar problem come to my clinic, I prescribe them Capsule Fluoxetine with Clonazepam. These medicines must be taken under guidance and medical supervision otherwise it may be harmful. I also suggest behavior therapy like relaxation and cognitive therapy. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Wish you rapid recovery!
Hi. Thanks for your query and an elucidated history. This is a typical case wherein the fibroid get enlarged or change in their format to have with hormonal changes of pregnancy. If you are still having pain or so., Get an MRI study done. At an appropriate timing you can get Laparoscopic removal of the fibroid, which is a standard procedure now. Till the fibroid is present you will not have a full term pregnancy, hence this has to be removed.  Such fibroid cause Abortion and hence has to be removed, then only pregnancy may be possible.
Hi, You need to be started on potent BP medicines like Telmisartan 40/12.5 or losartan 50/12.5. Also, you should have a healthy lifestyle like avoiding fatty, oily and high calorie diet. Have low salt diet and monitor blood pressure regularly thrice a day for one week then once or twice a week. Regular exercises like brisk walking, jogging according your capacity at least 30 min a day and 5 days a week. Eat lots of green leafy vegetables, fruits, fish once or twice a week, avoid meat. Avoid smoking and alcohol if any. There shouldn't abdominal fat deposition or obesity. Get your lipid profile and sugars tested once. So get your medicines modified. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hi Mariah, Thanks for sharing your concern. Frequent brushing is not required, but regular brushing is must. It is best when you brush after meals, but since presently not in your habit. I will say start doing it at least twice. That once in the morning before breakfast and evening after your dinner. This is very helpful. When you don't brush and sleep in night whole night bacterial activity goes on cause lots of damage to your teeth. Do regular flossing for interdental areas, use mouth wash periodically, don't worry you will be problem free. Later on, you can visit your dentist for a small oral check up, if any cavities are found. It can be restored in initial stages only. Start from now before it gets too late. Hope it helps, thank you.
Hi, Yes, you definitely will have problem with lesser sperm count and poor motility to get your partner conceived. There may be some reason for this problem. Varicocele, descended testes or certain occupation like working near furnace, using highly vibrating vehicles or instruments, atomic or radiation places or certain Chat Doctor. Varicocele and descended needs surgical correction. If you consult your physician he/she will guide you for further investigation after examination and needful advice. Get a baby as soon as possible.
HelloLooking at your description it seems to be a treatable condition and I will definitely help you in the best possible way if you can upload a photographs see patients with similar complaints in my clinic and after physical examination I would advise then for battery of tests like blood for hemoglobin, CBC, Liver function test, blood sugar and serological tests for STDs if suspected or a color Doppler of testis In my opinion you should wash bit properly with antiseptic solution and keep it clean and moisten manipulate or try to rupture it Hope this answers your question please feel free to ask for follow up I will be happy to help you Best wishes
Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. This sounds like biliary colic, but also there can be associated pancreatitis or hepatic distension pain. I don't consider this is an emergency, but you should consider cholecystectomy as soon as possible. These stones can cause intensive pain, cholecystitis or pancreatitis so be aware of it. If you notice dark urine, jaundice, pain in the back fever and vomiting you should go to ER. Wish you good health.
Hi, Thanks for asking. Based on your query, my opinion is as follows.1. On ultrasound pancreas cannot be visualized on occasions as it is always behind the stomach, duodenum. So proper visualization is difficult and CT may be necessary for evaluating it.2. Elevated LDL levels can be reduced either by medication or lifestyle changes or both.3. Lifestyle modifications include weight reduction, moderate exercises and having diet containing moderate amounts of good fat. Avoid alcohol and smoking.4. Fatty infiltration of liver is due to increased lipid profile. It is reversible and will recover with improved lipid profile. Hope it helps. Any further queries, happy to help again.
Hi, thank you for the brief history of you. As you said you had a fall and also some knots over your scalp. You should see if you have any redness of the eye, bleeding from the nose or ear etc. Also, as you have a direct impact on the scalp I will advise to meet a physician on a safer note for him to examine you. Also you can take an MRI to see if any internal bleeding is there at a later stage if you have any abnormal symptoms. Swelling is a normal physiological process, and it subsided in 48-72 hours or may be a little longer depending upon the age and other factors. As you said apart from this you don't have any symptom than you can wait for a while do some icing and things should be fine. If you find any abnormal symptoms you can visit the ER on a safer side. With the grace of God I wish you a speedy recovery
Hello Thanks for writing to according to report, you are suffering from degenerative disc disease of cervical spine. Degenerative changes occur in spine due to aging and development of weakness in annulus fibrosis.1. At C2-3 level, there is disc-osteophyte complex which is indenting the thecal sac.2. At C3-4 level, osteophyte complex is encroaching the right lateral neural foramen.3. At C5-6 level there is concentric disc bulge which is effacing ventral thecal sac and encroaching right lateral neural canal which is causing moderate right former stenosis. Majority of the cases of degenerative spine disease are benefited by physiotherapy, so physiotherapy should be tried first. Surgery should be the last option. There are also medicines like capsule pregabalin available for pain relief. Treatment can be planned after consultation with neurosurgeon. Get well soon. Take Care Chat Doctor.
Hi, greetings from Chat Doctor. From your description you may be suffering from folliculitis with abscess formation. Insect bite is another possibility which can produce a raised red-hot swelling. You have to go to a surgeon and do a complete blood tests including blood sugar to rule out diabetes. If this is not settling with antibiotics and supportive treatment you have to undergo surgical Chat Doctor.
Hello. Welcome to Chat Doctor. Chest pain, breathlessness and fast heart rate while walking or during any exertion can be due to angina. When you walk or exert, the hearts' oxygen demand increases and hence the blood flow to the heart also increases. If the arteries are having blockages, then this supply is hampered leading to chest pain, breathlessness. The heart tries to compensate by beating faster hence the fast heart rate. Breathlessness in your case can also be continued by asthma. I recommend you do an ECG and a 2 d echo for cardiac evaluation. If both ECG and 2d echo are normal then you must undergo a stress test. It tests the functional capacity of the heart and can predict presence of blockages in the heart. Also, I hope you are compliant on your asthma medications and inhalers. I suggest you do a PFT (pulmonary function test) also to evaluate the functional capacity of the lungs. All these together will give a definite reason for your symptoms. Wishing you good health Regards.
Hi, Thanks for writing in. Cancer symptoms of bowel includes sudden change in bowel habits like constipation or diarrhea. Some people also experience bleeding in stools. Unexplained loss of weight can also be seen in bowel cancer. Since you have recent onset diarrhea then you should get a detailed cancer screening examination done. I suggest you get your stools tested for occult blood till the time you have to wait to see your surgeon. If there is occult blood in stools and as you have strong family history therefore you should get a colonoscopy done. It will locate any abnormal areas of polyps which are precursors to colon cancer. Doing colonoscopy and ultrasound scan of abdomen might highlight any suspicious area causing you the strange feeling whether inside the bowel or anything on the outside. Please do not worry.
Hi, thank you for providing a brief history of your mother. Well as you mentioned she is 88 we need to see her as more of an ageing degenerative change in her body. I will always recommend to not undergo self-medication as it might not be safe, so for medication take an experts' advice. Now talking to her Alzheimer's disease and pain you need to look for a physical therapist who will use some therapeutic ultrasound therapy and some gradual slow passive movements which will help muscle move and will get ease of the pain.
Hello are having cough for 3 months, got relief after medicine, recurs. Such type of recurring cough with impact on voice may be due to these possibilities, these include:1 Allergic bronchitis, diagnosis can be confirmed by physical examination by a physician. In this type of cough usually patient come in contact with some allergen like, dust, mite, mold, fine dusting powder, hay, fodder, smoke. These allergen produces antigen, antibody reaction and causes bronchoconstriction which produces cough as well as laryngeal irritation produces bad effect on vocal cord (voice).2 Asthmatic allergic bronchitis .3 Laryngeal tuberculosis, diagnosis can be confirmed by laryngoscope examination. In my opinion consult a pulmonologist and get his opinion. Good luck.
Hi, Dear,Good Evening from INDIA. Thanks for the query to Chat Doctor. I went through all the details of your query. On the details given by your query, In my opinion you suffer mostly from-on the facts there in-mostly you suffer from-furunclitis with infected pubic hair follicle. Treatment suggested would be-a-Tab NSAIDs x 5 days b-Cold compressesc-Antibiotics if you need be consult ER doctor for the script of Chat Doctor. Hope this would resolve your query. Welcome for any more query to Chat Doctor and ME, in this regard. Wishing you fast recovery. Write review ASAP with strong recommendations for Chat Doctor and for ME, for the benefit of other new and old patients. Have A Good Day. With
Hi. You need to take see a neurosurgeon for this problem. You may need to be on cervical collar and few medications for reducing the compression resulting swelling. In few cases surgery may be needed. You can take a second opinion from a neurosurgeon through the option of specialist opinion available in this website, if you are interested. The link would be http://www.ChatDoctor .com/specialists/Neurologist/ Chat Doctor.
Welcome to Chat Doctor, Normal levels of creatinine in the blood for a male of your age is 0.6 to 1.2 mg/DL. Creatinine levels depend on muscle mass and are slightly higher in males compared to females. Abnormal high values are usually seen kidney diseases and muscle diseases. Your creatinine level is normal for your age, gender and ethnicity. You have nothing to worry about. Hope that answers your question.  Chat Doctor.
Hi juliewelcome to Chat Doctor if you are mentioning gallstones, then it must be right side,,,?please cross-check with your medical history about APD(hyperacidity) and chronic irritable bowels?usually, the pain gets sorted with basic antacid which helps for gastric emptying and bowel motions, ultimately the gas bomb gets relieved and one feels better if it happens regularly, you must rule out the gastric pathology like APD, any liver involvement or even worms menifastationand to rule our gallstones, sonography is must take care
Hi.... pus cells in the stool routine examination is a normal finding. I as a pediatrician would have never started on any antibiotic for this reason. I suggest you stop all the antibiotics. If the reason for you to go to your doctor has been loose stools, I reassure you that this is also a normal phenomenon in this age group. Unless the kids having low urine output or very dull or excessively sleepy or blood in motion or green bilious vomiting...you need not worry. Regards -
Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor. After going through your query I think you are suffering from chronic backache. Treatment of back pain is exercises, NURSING GOLD ONCE DAILY and analgesics (diclofenac 100mgSR). Sometimes vitamin D deficiency is the cause so get your vitamin D checked. If it is low then vitamin D supplementation (On DK 60K weekly with milk) can be taken. Avoid long continuous standing. Sit in a straight posture. Eat milk, fruits and green leafy vegetables daily. To further investigate MRI of the region is advised.  If you are thinking to go to hospital then see an orthopedic I think your query answered. Welcome to any follow-up query.
Hi, Simply based on this clinical history comment on diagnosis will be very difficult, But lesion on brain and kidney seems to be suspicious. Age of your friend also be useful information. Why FNA from liver was done is not clear for me, as you have mentioned lesions in kidney and brain. Anyway, if any malignancy is there can be suspected by the radiologist, You may better consult your radiologist.
Hello, Thanks for writing to us. If you had the miscarriage through self-medication, I would ask you to see a specialist for further management. You also need a sonogram of the pelvis preferably in the trans-vaginal route to know the status of the pelvic organs. Any retained products of conception need to be evacuated with proper precautions. The altered color of the discharge suggests infection. This needs further evaluation and medication. Hope this helps.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. By your history and description, possibility of post infectious bronchitis is more. Bronchitis is inflammation of airways, and it is common after viral upper respiratory tract infection (URI) like cold. Your symptoms like continuous cough, breathing difficulty etc. are also seen in bronchitis. So consult pulmonologist and get done clinical examination of respiratory system and PFT (pulmonary function test). PFT will not only diagnose bronchitis, but it will also tell you about severity of the disease. And treatment of bronchitis is based on severity only. You will need inhaled bronchodilator (formoterol or albuterol) and inhaled corticosteroids (budesonide or fluticasone). Don't worry, you will be alright. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.
Welcome to Chat Doctor. 1. The symptoms suggest possible cause could be salivary gland dilatation which could be seen as a lump / lesion in the chin area.2. Next possible cause will be infective etiology with a collection with in.3. It needs to be examined to evaluate the sours of the lump and followed by treatment.4. In first case you need simple massage in the region to facilitate the flow. 5. In second case a course of antibiotic would help.6. Suggest do not squeeze, scratch - that will complicate and delay healing. Good luck. Hope I have answered your query.Anything to ask do not hesitate. Thank you.
Hello, Thanks for your query. Usually 1-2 days of bed rest will calm severe back pain. Do not stay off your feet for longer, though. Take rest breaks throughout the day, but avoid sitting for long periods of time. Make all your movements slow and controlled.  Medicines like ibuprofen or naproxen may relieve pain.  Specific exercises can strengthen your lower back and abdominal muscles. Epidural steroid injection. In this procedure, steroids are injected into your back to reduce local inflammation. I do hope that you have found something helpful, and I will be glad to answer any further query. Take care
Hello, your information is inadequate, but I presume that his treadmill test is positive for inducible ischemia. That means he has blockages in arteries supplying blood to heart.depending upon stage, ECG changes and symptoms during test, he may need additional medicines and /or further work up. If the report is negative for inducible ischemia then you need to worry as far as heart is considered. My best wishes Chat Doctor.
Hello rearward welcome to Chat Doctor.come have evaluated your query thoroughly.* This seems in relation with different possibilities as - bronchospasm secondary to smoking , exposure to pollen, dust or compressed air particles.* Need specific precautions for the same-Avoid smoking.- Avoid air conditioner air till recovery.- Avoid exposure to excess cold, dusty weather.- Deep breathing exercises, YOGA, regular walking in fresh air. Hope this will help you for sure. Regards.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. By your history and description, possibility of heart related diseases is more in your mothers case. Besides heart diseases, lung diseases like lung infection and bronchitis can also cause similar symptoms. So consult pulmonologist and get done 1. Clinical examination of respiratory system 2. Chest x-ray 3. PUT (pulmonary function test). Chest x-ray is needed to rule out lung infection. PFT is must for the diagnosis of bronchitis. She may need antibiotics, inhaled bronchodilator and inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) on the basis of these reports. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wishing good health to your mother. Thanks.
Welcome to ChatDoctorThis is called fibroadenomas which is benign condition and may be painful at times. This is related to your period and due to hormone imbalance. For armpit lump that is lymph node you require needle biopsy. For painful breast lumps take tablet Even 400 mg daily for one month and painkillers during more severe pain. Good breast support bra should be used. But if armpit biopsy comes cancer you need surgery for breast along with armpit lymph node clearance. Regards
Hi, I need to know following answers from you to guide you the best as1. What's your age?2. What's your occupation?3. Are you doing a long hour standing job?4. Do you feel morning stiffness, fever, weakness?5. Is there any family history of same? What you need to do is, get these investigations done first:1. Him with ESR2. CRP3. X-ray dorsal lumbar spine app and lateral views in flexion and extension4. MRI dorsolumbar spine with a screening of the whole spine5. HLA B276. ANTICCP. Follow these to relieve your pain1. Take rest2. Avoid bending, weight lifting.3. Use a hard bed to sleep4. Give hot fomentation5. Take any good muscle relaxant such as thiocolchicoside6. Take physiotherapy sessions. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hello appreciate your concern Shortness of breath and harsh could be related to Inflammation of the airway or lung due to allergic reaction or infection. Another possibility is obstruction in airway or collection of fluids in lungs or pleural cavity. If I were your treating doctor I would have advised you for a battery of tests after clinical examination in order to ascertain diagnosis like blood for hemoglobin, CAN, ESR, AEC (absolute eosinophil count), an X-ray chest or an CENT scan in case of chronic and refractory cough Meanwhile you should take steam inhalation and do deep breathing exercises. Continue with inhaler and anti-allergic Chat Doctor. Prednisone is a steroid and its doses to be tapered gradually like 40 mg than 20mgand slowly 10, 5 than twice a week followed by once a week and then stop. Hope this answers your questionPlease do let me know if anything is not clear. I will happily answer you Wish you good health and speedy recovery
Hello, Polio is recognized in association with epileptic disorders that usually develop years later on the order of about 10-12% of affected polio victims.  The study that demonstrated these statistics was rather small (only 200 cases) and only looked at in a retrograde fashion.  The mechanism by which polio should be associated with an increased risk of seizure disorder is unknown at this time. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor.
Hi, I appreciate your concern. I am interested to know your age and any problem in the knee earlier off and on. It could be a simple strain in knee ligaments or early stages of degenerative arthritis. I would advise you to consult orthopedic expert to investigate and find out the cause. You may be advised to do X-rays of the knee. MRI, if needed, blood tests to rule out crystal arthropathy or other arthritis. Cold packs, analgesics and splinting may be suggested by orthopedic expert. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hello and thank you for your question.  Any time you have a red lesion on the side of the tongue that persists longer than a few weeks it is important to have it evaluated in person by a dentist and possibly biopsied.  Oral cancer can occur at any age and is very common on the side of the tongue.  The tried and true method of identification is through biopsy.  Many lesions can appear flat, red and on the side of the tongue.  Highly unlikely that it is cancer at your age, but safe to rule out if it doesn't go away.  Geographical tongue does have a border but not always apparent.  It can also be lichen plans, trauma from an adjacent tooth, chemical burn from medication, new toothpaste, mouth rinse or spicy/citric foods.  I hope this helps you. Best wishes, good health.
Hi, the clinical picture suggests you reported that you had high blood pressure during the exam. I suggest you look for soon a cardiologist to further investigate this situation and if confirmed you have high blood pressure, to investigate the possible causes and arrange treatment. The blood pressure reported is too high and needs an early investigation. Hope I have answered your question. If you have any further questions I will be happy to help you. Wish you good health.
Hi, welcome to Chat Doctor. Looking to your mothers' history, I as a nephrologist can understand your concern. Stenting in artery require medication that prevent clotting of blood. These medications are most commonly antiplatelet or sometime anticoagulant also. With these medications, blood in the stool is common and everyone should look for it specifically when these medicines are on.Don't get worried. Take your cardiologists' opinion. Get consultation with surgical gastroenterologist to rule out local pathology-piles. Check BP basic urine report, CBC and S. creatinine. You can communicate with me further with reports. I think this would be helpful to you. Best wishes. TC. Chat Doctor.
Possibly, you may not have these rashes because of radon because the pattern you are quoting does not match. If possible, send me the pictures of your rashes. What is your age and do you have hypertension, diabetes, and does this rasChatDoctore and go, or it persists? Which medications are you using ? Also let me know your professional history since beginning. Besides inform me about your other colleagues, who were working with you at a place where you have suspicion of radon exposure, suffering from same sort of rashes ? If yes, send their pictures too or let me know I can contact them. If you have ever visited dermatologist, and he did your biopsy for histopathological evaluation, please share that report too. You can call me also on my given number.
Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You may have syphilis or some other sexual transmitted diseases.  You need examination.  Furthermore, you should consult your doctor and go for examination. Then take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Hello rearward welcome to Chat Doctor.come have evaluated your query thoroughly.* It is the underlying stress responsible for every symptom herewith.* Guidelines for better outcome- Chat Doctor. - Balanced nutritious diet.- Deep breathing exercises, concentration techniques, relaxation adaptations, YOGA are the corner stone of treatment.- Manage to have sound regular sleep of 8 hours.- Avoid smoking, alcohol if consuming. Hope this clears your doubt . Wishing you fine recovery. Welcome for any further assistance. Regards take care.
Hi, Thanks for writing in. Anxiety after hearing about serious diseases is usual, but you must not think that you have got the disease and will die from it. Most diseases have an underlying cause and a disease like lung or throat cancer will usually occur in people abusing tobacco by smoking or chewing. If you stay away from smoking and chewing tobacco then your chance of cancer in lung or throat is reduced by more than 90 percent. The symptoms of lung cancer are the following cough that does not go away or gets worse. Chest pain that is often worse with deep breathing, coughing, or laughing. Hoarseness. Weight loss and loss of appetite. Coughing up blood or rust-colored sputum (spit or phlegm)Shortness of breath. Feeling tired or weak. The symptoms of throat cancer are the followingAbnormal (high-pitched) breathing sounds. Cough. Coughing up blood. Difficulty swallowing. Hoarseness that does not get better in 1 to 2 weeks. Neck or ear pain. Sore throat that does not get better in 1 to 2 weeks, even with antibiotics. Swelling or lumps in the neck. Having a cancer in lung or throat in you is unusual. Please do not worry.
His not taking breastfeeds could be because he is unwell, or he is unable to latch on to your breast properly. If he is well, check if your nipples are of the right size for him to latch on too correctly. Offer him the full breast and not just the nipple and let him grasp your areola along with the nipple inside his mouth. This will help him to suckle better and avoid the need for Lactose 1. If at all you have to give Lactose 1, give it with a spoon and cup and not with a bottle as this will confuse him, and he will soon stop breastfeeding altogether.
Dear serve understand your concerns went through your details. One dose of Lorazepam 0.5 mg usually do not have any addictive properties. For addiction, you need to take it continuously. I see your case as actual anxiety disorder which happened after the traumatic event of your surgery. I suggest counseling and if needed therapy. If you require more of my help in this aspect, please use this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.
HI. Thanks for an elucidated history. This looks to be tuberculosis unless proved otherwise, One can request for review biopsy just to clear the doubts. Please continue anti-tubercular treatment as the break is not a good idea. And these medicines are good antibiotics in itself. Typhoid by virtue of reducing the body-resistance gives way to the old not-clinically obvious infection like TB to come-up and show up as a disease. The while part which is removed is called a slough. Removing helps early healing. Please get her blood tests done related to hemoglobin, blood sugar, serum proteins, liver function tests, quantifier TB gold test so that we can know why she is not responding to the treatment. Please feel free to ask further if you want more clarification Chat Doctor.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. IGM and Egg are antibodies produced by body. Egg reflects old infection. IGM reflects recent infection. So TB IGM when it is high, is suggestive of recent TB study. But it is not always diagnostic. So anti-tubercular Chat Doctor.  You should definitely get done other reports like chest x-ray, ultrasound examination of abdomen etc. for diagnosis of tb. So follow your doctors advice and get done other tests. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.
Hi there, Fatty liver is normally a reversible condition. It can get back to normal, however, it takes time. Main thing to do is avoid fatty food, fresh cream, oily, deep-fried food. Have low fat milk, low fat curd etc. If over weight do try and lose weight gradually. Avoid alcohol. Regular exercise 30-45 minutes a day 5 days a week is a must. Please visit a physician for further evaluation (cholesterol, sugar levels, liver function tests etc.). Hope this helps.
Hi, as you had a history of survey in the past for RCI, meeting the same person for the same reason will be advisable. Taking a scan to check which muscles need attention will be easy to plan further. Also certain times there are chances to regain the strength and mobility back without surgery too. I had a patient with RCT with two muscles. She was advised surgery at 67. But we worked out well and she don't need surgery. She can lie 20-30 KGS of weight. No pain and full mobility. You should try a physical therapist who can help you with your complaints. You can discuss the same with the surgeon. With the grace of God I wish you a speedy recovery
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor I would keep a possibility of fungal infection. This is because closely opposing body folds e.g. thighs and groin, maxilla, submammary folds etc. can trap sweat, heat and moisture, therefore making the area favorable for fungal proliferation. If I was the treating doctor I would have asked you to use a topical antifungal like clotrimazole/ketoconazole/fluconazole cream, twice daily, regularly for 4 weeks. State AF cream contains topical terminating+mometasone. I would rather prefer a plain antifungal like clotrimazole/ketoconazole/fluconazole because mometasone if used for too long can cause side effects like skin atrophy and striaeSince you are already using an Oral antifungal e.g. oral terminating once daily. I would suggest you to continue with it for 4-6 weeks for a more complete urban OTC antihistamine e.g. cetirizine 10 mg once daily would help you in symptomatic itch relief. Keeping the folds Chat Doctor. Regards
Hello, I evaluated your query thoroughly. There are different reasons for lump in groin like sebaceous cyst, lipoma, hematoma, lymph node enlargement, boil or abscess, hernia, and others. He requires physical examination for the diagnosis and if that is not possible as he is working in remote area at least he can consult with all details of symptoms and high resolution clinical photograph of the lump then we can definitely guide in a better precise manner. Prognosis depends upon the diagnosis and management part. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Thank you for posting your question. Awareness of ones own heart beats is known as palpitations. There are certain cardiac and non-cardiac causes of this which also includes ingestion of certain things like excessive tea/coffee or certain Chat Doctor. However, it is quite unlikely that an 8 yr old would appreciate his own heart rate, let alone attributing chest pain to his heart. Hence, the way the symptoms are being described by your son, it is likely that he is enacting something that he has seen or heard somewhere. However, not to take his symptoms lightly, I would suggest you keep a watch on his symptoms and look for associated changes like sudden loss of color from his face, vomiting, radiation of pain to any other site, lethargy or irritability, decreased urine output etc. Apart from this acidity or heart burn could also cause symptoms similar to chest pain. In this case decreasing intake of spicy food, having cold milk or ice cream, or
Hello, Thanks for consulting ChatDoctorRead your query as you have undergone extraction of wisdom tooth salty taste in mouth can be due to formation of pus in extraction socket that is supportive cystitis don't be worried so much I will suggest you to consult oral surgeon for clinical examination of extraction socket. If this is infection in socket you should go for Zoe Chat Doctor. Hope this will help you.
Based on your symptoms, it seems like you may be suffering from De Quervain disease.
Hi Dear, Welcome to Chat Doctor. Understanding your concern. As per your query you have severe abdominal pain with acid reflux. Well there can be many reasons for symptoms you mention in query like acid reflux (as you also mention) , heart burn and IBS. I would suggest you eat light and non-spicy, take antacid after every meal, take light walk after every meal, take small and frequent meal, elevated your head while lying down and eat at least one hour before going to bed. If condition doesn't get well then consult gastroenterologist for proper examination. Doctor may order ultrasound, stool test or physical examination. Doctor may prescribe omeprazole or sanitizing along with laxative and ornidazole. Hope your concern has been resolved. Get Well Soon. Best Wishes,
Hi welcome to Chat Doctor forum.  Thanks for calling. ChatDoctor. Forum.  You have got the smell of burning tire from your air conditioner while it is working. First thing you have to do is get the air conditioner repaired, Because the fumes must be coming from the air conditioner due to burning of the wires in side it.  If it is left like that it may continue to emit the same.  As the fumes are of the plastic they will be thick in nature and deposited in the nose and bronchial tree, and cause irritation of the respiratory system.  You have got headache and dizziness, you would have inhaled more, it may be cleared in span of 1 hour, if you don't get relief, consult a physician.  Regarding child Chat Doctor.  Wishing that everything is fine.  Best regards.
Hi, thank you for providing the brief history of you. A Thorough neuromuscular assessment is advised followed by MRI of the cervical spine. As you have stiff neck, neck pain, numbness of hand and fingers it appears to me a more of the pinched nerve symptoms. An MRI should help understand the level of pinching well. Also, undergoing physical therapy like therapeutic ultrasound therapy and TENS therapy should help reduce the inflammation and pain. Besides exercises on later stages to improve the strength in the muscles for better stability.in my clinical practice such cases are recommended for physical therapy, and they respond well. RegardsJay In Chat Doctor.
Hi, thank you for providing the brief history of you. As you mentioned you have pain from 4 years than it is a chronic backache. For which a thorough neuromuscular assessment is guided. Based on which an MRI of the lumbar spine will be performed. Also, medicine acts as a symptomatic relief to pain and aches. Once medicine is induced in the body, the physical therapist role come into existence. On which by application of the therapeutic ultrasound therapy and TENS therapy the pain is still taken into control. After that the major role comes is to strengthen the muscles. As muscles are the supporting structures of the spinal bones, the need to strengthen them is of due importance. Once the muscles of the core, pelvic Floor, spinal muscles and hip muscles become stronger the pain is under control. You can perform the exercises at home as it is needed in chronic stages to control the pain in longer run. In my clinical practice I assist patient with three-step therapy.- rest-Medication- physical therapy. Apparanlty we have 100% success rate of controlling the back pain and avoid future recurrence. I wish the good health for you. RegardsJay In Chat Doctor.
HelloPremature ejaculation may be due to reasons like overexcited state etc. You should try relaxation technique and avoid provocative literature and videos. You should try to be calm and go for yoga, mediation. You should try to engage yourself in your job. You may need routine blood investigations and if symptoms persists then psychological counselling may be needed. You may also practice holding shafting of penis at coronal Julius when person is on the verge of ejaculation. This also prolong ejaculation time. Get well soon. Take Care Chat Doctor.
Hello there, Thanks thanks for your query on Chat Doctor. I carefully read your post and understand your point of concern.Don't worry I think it is a lipoma, which arises from fatty tissue, and never turn into serious issue for health except the pressure effect in case of large lipoma. You mention the size, I think you should not concern about this unless you have a cosmetic issue. If it will increase in size and affect your normal function then you can go to a general surgeon for excision. Hope it will help you, wish your good health. Regards
Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Read your query. The bleeding could be because of the gingival inflammation or due to a tear in the gums.*I would advise you to put firm pressure on it with a sterile gauge piece.*Avoid gargling vigorously.*If you have an anesthetic ointment you can apply on it.*If still not controlled, visit an emergency or a dentist available and get it treated there.*Visit your local dentist and rule out the cause and get the needed treatment. Thanks and regards.
Pain during urination can be caused by infection in the urinary system, irritation or injury of the genital area, or stones (small masses of minerals) in the urinary tract. Urinary tract infections (Otis) are the most common cause of painful urination. Treatment:Give antibiotics for Encourage Chat Doctor. Give acetaminophen or ibuprofen as needed for discomfort. If no relief:Consult your doctor and ask for investigations like USG, Urinalysis etc. For further queries regarding this disease or its medications you can consult me at Chat Doctor.
HI, Dear, Thanks for the query from you.1-In my opinion -your friend, who is having itchy lumps which blistered after cream application-followed by swollen hands and feet-appears to be a - Chat Doctor. 1-b - And as the rash started with red spots in the thigh-Which most probably could be-Scabatic infestation- as your friend is covered with spreading itchy blistering lumps, which could be SCABIES.2-I would advise -a-To STOP the Cream Application Urgently.b-Treat the groin area for ?SCABIES, only after you show it to your skin ER Doctor.-2-And as it is hearing him with pain n swollen hand and feet-ask him to take -cetirizine to take care of the
Hi, Dear,Good evening. Thanks for your query to Chat Doctor. I studied your query in depth. In my opinion the lump in the neck of your 2 yr son is mostly due to Hodgkin/ or NH- lymphoma as its painless, growing and with nights wets, itchy rash on abdomen indicate shingle? Or herpes zoster? Or viral infection. Treatment -a-Consult a Pediatrician, b-start specific treatment after FNAC-biopsy- which would fix HL or NHL. Vitamin SYR, Steroids/ and anti-cancer regimes as advised from onco-physican-as guided after FNAC -Biopsy report would help your sons lump to regress. Hope this answers your query. Hope this would clarify the worry you had. Would love to Welcome your queries to Chat Doctor.
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor, Non-Hodgkin lymphoma is primary malignancy arising from the lymph nodes. The lymphoma can spread to surrounding soft tissue. Thus, the lymphoma detected in the soft tissue of the mandible is actually the lymphoma arising in the lymph node involving the adjacent soft tissue. The treatment of the lymphoma involving the lymph node as well as the adjacent soft tissue is similar to lymphoma involving the lymph node alone. Involement of other lymphoid tissues at distant sites should also be sought as this involvement determines the stage of the disease. Thanks and take care Chat Doctor.
Hi, You should meet your physician/Hematologist for the treatment. Please do take care of your teeth or gums. If your teeth requires extraction it has to be done under precautionary measures. You should also take care of the following instructions. Massage your gums using your finger after brushing your teeth. Clean your tongue using a tongue scraper. Change your tooth brush once in 3 months. Floss your teeth once daily. Visit your dentist once in 6 months.
Hi, thank-you for providing the brief description of your injury A thorough neuromuscular assessment is advised. As mentioned by you the mechanism of injury I will advise to first get it clinically assessed. As we need to see any muscular or bony injury is present. Also, as you mentioned you were not able to close the jaw, there may be an inflammation of the joint as well as the muscles of the post. May be to come closer to the diagnosis the CT or MRI may be advised to see the bone and the soft tissue status. As head and neck are really an important part of the body, negligence is not advised. Usually due to injury there may be three possibilities - no injury at all, injury to the bone or injury to the muscle & nerves. For coming closer to the issue, a proper assessment is advised. Also, in the front of the neck there is a presence of cartilages which needs an attention. Post that clinical assessment & if needed an MRI or CT the next treatment plan will be initiated based on the symptoms and signs. I wish you a good health and advise avoiding such fights in the future. Life is very important and precious.regards Jay In Chat Doctor.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. Chest pain are commonly seen in cardiac cause and lung infection. Get a chest x-ray and ECG done. If your chest x-ray is normal, no need to worry about lung infection. Possibility that you might be having hypertension as well as it may cause nose bleeds. So kindly consult a doctor for the same. Hope I have solved your query. Wish you good health. Thanks.
Hi, Regestron contain progesterone, and it is similar to progesterone secrete in body. It is safe and no any serious side effect. It will protect your pregnancy. Inspire in case of hormonal imbalance it supports implantation and pregnancy. You can take prescribed progesterone before the expected period date. Continue till date up to which you do not want period (maximum 2 weeks). Bleeding will occur 4-5 after stopping pill. Avoid stress, take healthy diet, Chat Doctor.  Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hello, I have studied your case. Due to compression of this nerve root there is pain your arm. I will advise you to MRI cervical spine for better diagnosis. For these symptoms analgesic and neurotrophic medication can be started. Till time, avoid lifting weights, Sit with support to back. You can consult physiotherapist for help. Physiotherapy like ultrasound and inferential therapy will give quick relief. I will advise checking your it B12 and it D3 level. Hope this answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your queries. Wishing you good health. Take care
Hi, thanks for sharing your health concerns with Chat Doctor!  If I were your treating Doctor for this case of multiple body lumps, I would like to go for some biopsy/FNAC test from the axillary or knee swellings as the thyroid goiter is there for so many years; it might be a bad disease like malignancy or lymph nodes! Therefore, no wastage of time.... I suggest you to go for an FNAC and CT scan of the region (s) for confirmation and to relieve your concerns! Hope this answers your question. If you have additional questions or follow-up questions then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your questions. Wishing you good health.
Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You should go for complete blood count to search the cause of fever. If it is due to malaria or typhoid then colonoscopy should be postponed. If it is of simple fever then you can take paracetamol to control fever. No, any oral tablets should be taken in the morning of colonoscopy day. Hope I have answered your question, if you have any doubts then contact me at bit.ly/ Chat Doctor. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health
Hi, You have OT mentioned the type of treatment undertaken which corrected your problem. If it was a surgical extraction in the 2nd or third molar area, it may have caused some compression/damage to the inferior alveolar nerve because of which you are feeling this numbness in your underlips' region. The nerve usually heals on its own. You can take supplements to enhance the regeneration though which can be prescribed by a Dentist.
Hello, If you feel not well with these values of your blood pressure, you may need to start treatment for high blood pressure.  This is not a value to worry about and gives no information for a possible pheocromacitoma. I suggest you monitor your blood pressure for sometimes a day for some days and to visit a doctor. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor.
HI, Dear. Very Good NOON from India. Thanks for your query. I understand your concerns. I studied your query in depth.-I would advise you not to worry still. In my opinion your grandsons painful neck-lump is -mostly a Cervical Lymphadenitis of infective origin-from cold/tonsillitis etc.-Treatment-would be -Consult an ER Pediatrician.-Syr-NSAIDs,-Syr-Antibiotic for 5 days time.-This would resolve this neck lump.-Hope this reliefs your worry-some query. Welcome for any more queries in time to come. Have a Good Day.
Hello Thanks for using Chat Doctor .com From the information it looks to me like it is first episode of seizures in her. If some has seizures post infection one has to consider the possibility of Acute disseminated encephalomyelitis. MRI of the brain with contrast can diagnose this problem. If MRI is negative other possibilities in her are benign childhood epilepsy probably precipitated by fever. EEG done in sleep can in most instances confirms the diagnosis. If EEG and MRI is normal I personally feel medications are not required at this point of time. Keep her under observation and consider the option of medicines if seizure recurs.  Sincerely, Chat Doctor.
Thanks for asking your question I completely understand your question first thong is quit smoking as early as possible sharp pain in chest which is catchy can be due to variety of reasons from gastritis / peptic ulcer to plural effusion you can consult a pulmonologist who may advise a proton pump inhibitor like pantoprazole once daily and request for a chest X-ray to rule out any other cause as mentioned above .don't panic chest pain at this age hardly have any serious cause.thanks feel free to ask more questions
Hi, Since you have mentioned you are a nurse, let me tell you that pseudocodes infection is commonly by hospital acquired infection. It is not generally seen in other individuals other than health workers in hospital. It needs to be treated with antibiotics which am sure you might have got prescribed from your doctor. Regarding the boils. I advise you to maintain a proper hygiene in you groin area:* don't wear soiled clothes * wash undergarments with antiseptic* keep the area Chat Doctor. You can carry on with your surgery , provided extra care is taken in view of the infection. You shall be fine! Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hello;welcome to Chat Doctor Yes the tablets of clonazepam can dissolve on tongue but does it cause a swollen tongue I guess no as there is no reporting regarding this complaint. Even the green tea or given do not cause this. This can be if you had accidentally had taken a sip of hot tea or some other sort of reaction. Please get examined by a doctor, and he will give you the necessary treatment. As for whether green tea causes any effect on potassium the answer is there is no study proving this and no report confirming it. Thanks
Hi! Welcome to Chat Doctor. I read your query. After tooth extraction, a little general discomfort is expected. Fever apart from sign of infection can also occur due to inflammation. More chances are that tooth was extracted due to dental infection. So low grade fever can occur. Since fever is between 99 and 100F, Make your child rest adequately. Give prescribed fever medications by her physician. Maintain HY Chat Doctor.  Give her soft food. Fever should go with in 2-3 days. If it persists or if it exceeds 100F, see your physician for further check up. Hope the answer helps you. Thank you.
Hello She is 53 years old and is otherwise healthy, and she had a traumatic past. She suddenly failed to remember last few days. As there is no history of trauma, unconsciousness, hypertension so most likely the problem of memory loss is due to some Conversion Disorder. Conversion Disorder occurs due to some unresolved conflict in mind and a lot of complaints are seen. Other possibility is some Dementia, but sudden onset memory loss is not seen in dementia. In dementias gradual progressive memory loss is seen. I would advise you to please visit a good Psychiatrist for expert opinion. Thanks
Hi, Thank you for posting your query. Your symptoms are suggestive of partial or focal seizures affecting one side of body. The cause seems to be a tapeworm infection of the brain, which is healing. MRI reports are suggestive of same. You would need to be on anti-epileptic medications (valeryl CR) for now to prevent seizures. In many patients, the granuloma would completely heal, then, medications may be stopped. However, in some cases, healing is incomplete, they may need to take medicines for long time. Please get back if you require any additional information. Best wishes, Chat Doctor. Ly/
Hello, The symptoms as mentioned in your post suggest that you might be having Allergic reactions to certain allergens. Management includes:1. Antihistamine preparations like Allegra can be taken for symptomatic relief.2. Montelukast preparations, which is used as a maintenance therapy to relieve symptoms of seasonal allergies.3. Nasal decongestants & intranasal corticosteroids can also be used.4. Maintain adequate HY Chat Doctor. 5. Also make sure that you are well protected from cold, dust & other allergensDespite these measures, if your friend is having the symptoms, then it will be better to consult an ENT specialist to rule out any systemic cause. Investigation such as complete blood count will be helpful. Wishing a Good Health. Thanks & take care.
HI, thanks for using Chat Doctor Blood in the stool can be related to different possible causes such as: (1) straining in constipation (2) anal fissure (3) colonic cancer-may be associated with loss of appetite, weight loss, constipation, abdominal pain (4) polyps in the colon (5)hemorrhoids (6)diverticular disease- out pouching of the intestine, common as a result of aging, non cancerousThough blood in the stool may be due to benign, non-cancerous causes, it must be investigated. You need to consider visiting your doctor who will examine your abdomen, conduct a rectal examination and likely suggest investigations such as fecal sample to the lab and imaging. I hope this helps
Dear serve understand your concerns went through your details. Stress naturally brings on the symptoms you have described here. But stress is normal, natural and is inevitable unless you learn to overcome it. Your problem is stress disorder. Stress disorder needs to be treated with counseling and stress therapy. If you require more of my help in this aspect, please use this URL. http://goo.gl/aYW2pR. Make sure that you include every minute details possible. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.
Hiyour problem lies not in your head.but in your mind its necessary to know that our thoughts Chat Doctor. .nice.and light looks like you are anxious worrisome by nature quit that at once.here are my suggestions1)get up early in morning try expose yourself to sun .this cause release of the feel good hormones in our body2)do breathing exercises.or aerobic exercises.this will ensure a good blood supply in your brain3)listen to some good cheerful music4)feel like a free bird and do whatever that keeps you happy5)have a good diet every day with lots of juices and fruits6)believe in yourself.nothing can go wrong unless you want .so BE HAPPY To BE BLOOD BLESS
Thanks for your query, I have gone through your query, the tooth infection can be treated with root canal treatment if the root is not broken, and you can take a course of antibiotics after consulting the physician. The chest pain and muscle pain could be because of muscle spasm, take an analgesic with muscle relaxant. If the pain doesn't subside then consult a cardiac physician. I hope my answer will help you. Take care.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your situation and problem. Tuberculosis of lung once healed can produce fibrosis and calcification and this appears on chest x-ray for rest of the life. So every time you are not supposed to take anti TB treatment. I advise you to consult pulmonologist and get done1. CT thorax2. Bronchoscopy and BAD (Bronchoalveolar lavage) analysis for tuberculosis. CT thorax gives better idea about lung fibrosis than chest x-ray. Bronchoscopy with BAD is far superior to sputum in determining activity. So if both are negative than you can argue with fitness authority about not having active, infectious disease. So consult pulmonologist and discuss all these.
Helots could be related to Chat Doctor. In my opinion you should wash it with antiseptic solution or soap and keep it clean and moist You can apply antibacterial ointment like mupirocin or tobramycin. If it doesn't improve in a week than you must visit doctor for physical examination and a series of investigations to establish a diagnosis. Hope this answers your questionPlease feel free to ask for follow-up questions I will gladly answer you wishing you good health and speedy recoveryREGARDS
Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor .com I am Chat Doctor. Mariano Into Bruno Mascaras. I have gone through your query with diligence and would like you to know that I am here to help you. You cannot manage brain hemorrhage at homey need to immediately take him or her to a hospital and do CT Scan Brain This is not a condition where home remedies will work Hope you found the answer helpful. If you need any clarification / have doubts / have additional questions / have follow-up questions, then please do not hesitate in asking again. I will be happy to answer your questions. In the future, for continuity of care, I encourage you to contact me directly in Chat Doctor at http://bit.ly/ask
Hi, Thank you for asking question on Chat Doctor. Probably the sauce which she had taken along with hash brown might be the reason for gummy brown vomit. Ondencetron 4 mg tabs 3-4 times daily will control vomiting. You may follow it with a syrup containing digestive enzymes. If no improvement within a couple of days you may take him to ER. Hope this answer will serve your purposeless feel free to ask any more queries if requiredTake care Chat Doctor. V. Subrahmanyam MD;Disassociate professor of pediatrics
Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor. After going through your query, I think you are suffering from metastasis or multiple myeloma with rare possibility of tuberculosis. You can go for CT guided NEEDLE biopsy. Treatment consist of pain relief by strong analgesic(such as attract three times a day after meals) OMEPRAZOLE 20 MG before meals prevent acidity caused by analgesics. SPECIFIC TREATMENT WILL BE after biopsy report. I think your query answered. Welcome to any follow-up query.
Hi, thanks for using Chat Doctor.sometimes after taking sleeping pills, you get the sleep, but It is not refreshing, and you may feel like your brain is constantly working on some issues. Tingling may be because of inadequate sleep or vitamin deficiency or an s a symptom of Anxiety. You should consult qualified psychiatrist for detailed evaluation and treatment.Meanwhile, you can try breathing exercise, yoga or meditation and self motivation to get rid of anxiety-depression. Avoid excessive use of affine, nicotine. I hope you will be fine soon thanks.
Hello dairy understand your concerned had Chat Doctor injection on 11th day and on follicle was not ruptured on 19th day. Generally effect of Chat Doctor injection will occur on next 24-36 hours. So chance of rupture is less. I would suggest taking Chat Doctor injection for few cycles. If ovulation does not occur then it could be due to thick covering. If problem persists then you can go for USG guided ovarian Chat Doctor. Along with this you can try clonidine citrate, metformin and progesterone pill in second half of periodAvoid stress, take healthy diet,
Hi, dear. I have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. If it is inside your throat then it may be granular pharyngitis or something like that.  If it is in neck region then you should go for fine needle aspiration cytology to check whether it is being lesioned or malignant.  Then you should take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Hello, Firstly, please confirm the presence of an intrauterine pregnancy and also the age of the pregnancy through a trans-vaginal sonogram and a clinical evaluation by a specialist. If pregnancy is confirmed and if you do not wish to retain it, please ask your consultant if a medical abortion is possible (medical abortion is done up to 9 weeks of pregnancy only). Proceed for an abortion, either medical or surgical, as suggested by the doctor, with proper precautions and preliminary investigations like coagulation profile and urinalysis. Hope this helps.
Hi, I understand your concern.  Your daughter has occasional itching over the scar of a dog bite, It can be due to possible scar condition called scar-where it overgrows to form a thick scar. If there is no such thickening till now - - Avoid itching at the site, for itching stimulates keloid formation.  - Apply steroid ointment, If it does not stop itching, & starts thickening, injecting steroid at the scar site/ excision of keloid (by external beam radio therapy/ Cryotherapy) is the last resort for it. Consult a surgeon for that.  Thanks.
HI your child may be having a problem referred as Incontinence because she had daytime wetting also according to your history. Having intermittent bed-wetting can be there in 2-5% of the child Chat Doctor. But, please consult a pediatric nephrologist /urologist as it needs more history and examination to pinpoint the cause. Happy to help you further if you can elucidate the complaint further as I will be treating these complaints in my clinic. Thanks
Hello. Your tooth is having infection. Amoxicillne is not effective as you said. Try to take higher grade antibiotics in from of either combination or alone. Consult your dentist for that prescription. For cure of the condition first we have to diagnose the condition by an x-ray. If its decay or anyway affecting tooth then you will have to go for root canal treatment. You can recons ult for further queries.
Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You may have some enlarged lymph node, soft tissue tumor like lipoma or neurofibroma or some benign cyst like Desmond cyst. You should go for fine needle aspiration cytology. It will give you exact diagnosis. Then you should take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Hello, It is obvious that he has a delayed hypersensitivity to hair dyes (Type IV hypersensitivity) that takes a few hours/days to manifest and lasts for several weeks sometimes. He must take oral corticosteroids and can also apply topical steroid creams plus antihistamine tablets to control the current situation. Patch test MUST be done after a few weeks to know which chemical is causing this reaction as the same chemical can be present in several other substances like toothpastes, detergent, mouthwashes etc. Thanks.
Hi, I have gone through your question and understand your concerns. Infertility is said to occur when a couple fails to conceive after one year of successful unprotected intercourse. You still have2 months to try. Moreover, GUI does increase the chances of conception, and you can get it done, if you want, by an infertility specialist. Hope you found the answer helpful. Wishing you good health. Chat Doctor.
Hello, I have studied your case. As per your symptoms neck pain can be due to diffuse disc bulge compressing your cervical spine. Another possibility of thoracic outlet obstruction leading to vascular compromise leading to cold feeling. Some medication like methylcobalamine with muscle relaxant and analgesic will reduce pain, you can take them consulting your treating doctor. MRI and color Doppler will help in diagnosis. Also check your it B12 in your blood. Hope this helps. Wish you speedy recovery.  Take care
Hello Lisa. Thanks for your query. From your words it appears that you are allergic to certain metals, so it's best to avoid them. As for the allergic episodes you can use antiallergy medications like Levocetrizine 5 mg tablet twice daily for 5 days and for pain and inflammation you can use NSAIDs like Paracetamol-Aceclofenac combination. If it gets infected and forms pus then you may need antibiotic ointment too. Do consult a Dermatologist and do the allergen-specific IGE antibody testing to screen for an allergy to a specific substance or substances and avoid contact to such substances in the future. And don't worry too much. You just need to learn which things suit you best. Take care :) .
Dear Sir/Madam have gone through your query and read your symptoms. In my opinion, your bowel color is indicative of billiard pathology, the gall bladder would either be filled with stones or there could be any growth in the bladder. I feel you should discuss your concerns with your doctor and together get out with a solution to your problems. I hope that answers your query. If you want any more clarification, contact me back.
Helots type of chills and vomiting with severe back may be due to as.1 Urinary tract infection, diagnosis can be confirmed by urine examination in lab.2 Right renal colic may be the nest reason, but symptoms are not an indication of renal stone, because in renal stone pain present with vomiting and blood in urine (usually). Diagnosis can be confirmed by ultrasound of kidneys.3 As you mentioned that there is extreme thirst so all these symptoms may be due to renal failure but least chance due to short duration of history of illness.Anyhow consult a physician and get his consultation as physical examination is important. Good luck.
Hi, Thank you for posting your query. Melatonin is a hormone released from pineal gland and helps in regulation of sleep. It is particularly helpful in sleep disorders such as jet lag, shift work sleep disorder, etc. So, if your daughter has sleep disorder, taking melatonin would help, otherwise, I am not sure whether it would be helpful or not. I hope my answer helps. Please get back if you require any additional information. Wishing you good health, Chat Doctor. Ly/
Hello. Thank you for asking at Chat Doctor.First, I would suggest you to complete the course of corticosteroid Chat Doctor.  I would also add montelukast & levocetirizine orally.First, in case of allergic keratoconjunctivitis, there is abnormality in structure of eye. So please don't worry about build up of her eye. Allergy is an abnormal reactivity of immune system. If she has recurrent allergic conjunctivitis, it is important to identify allergen causing her symptoms. For that I would suggest consulting an Allergist-Immunologist who will advise her some allergy testing and identify the cause. Allergic keratoconjunctivitis is usually due to an allergic reaction to air-borne allergens like pollen, molds, etc. So they usually come from environment rather than from peers directly. And therefore, it is not contagious. (If it is contagious, it is not allergy!) Hope you got all the answers for your questions. Wish your granddaughter the best of the health. Regards.
Hello appreciate your concernLooking at your history it seems that you are having an STI or UTI like prostatitis if you can upload me a complete medical history I will be able to guide you better like your age and sexual history this flow is urethral discharge which might be coming from inflamed prostate in my opinion you should consult your GP for examination and a battery of tests like urine culture and sensitivity test as well as culture for the urethral discharge and an ultrasound or cystoscopy may require a course of antibiotic shave plenty of fluids maintain good hygiene thanks for your question best wishes
Hi, I can understand your concern. It seems that the topical cream you are applying is not reaching the fungus strongly to eliminate it. I would advise you to do a systemic course of antifungal Chat Doctor.  You can take Fluconazole (Role) 150 mg once a day for 5 days, unless you are allergic to it. You can continue to apply the cream you are using topically for additional aid and to resolve infection faster. If the situation does not improve in five days, I would advise you to consult a physician for physical examination and carry out further investigations. I hope this information helps. Thank you for choosing Chat Doctor. Take care. Best,
HAI Jemima, Thanks for writing in, From your history it is clear that it is nothing but hematoma (clotted blood). Usually when hematoma resolves, it changes its color from green to black and disappears. Sometimes if there is some hematoma in deeper layers of tissues, then it might take time to resolve. Since X-ray didn't show any fracture, pain has decreased, and you are able to do routine day-to-day activities, there is nothing to worry. But one month is quite long time for a hematoma to resolve. So, it's better to do an ultrasound and confirm whether the blood collection is still there. If it is, there then surgically removing the collection or just aspirating it by wide-bore needle will help in relieving your symptoms. Get well soon, Regards.
Hello,The history and symptoms are suggesting me that you may be having fungal infection. The fungus is the normal comedians of the genitals which is kept under control by the helpful bacteria, whenever there is an imbalance between them, it will lead to multiplication of fungus and the produces the symptoms which you are having. The fungus tends to survive for longer period of time in a wet area. So you can be having fungal infection and I would suggest you to follow1. Topical Antifungal cream2. Keep the area Chat Doctor.
Dear spleen is a reticula endothelial organ. And it has few important function one is synthesis of antibodies and removal of antibody coated bacteria from the circulation. So increase in these function that happens in sickness may result in splenomegaly same thing is with liver also has cells that act as part of reticula endothelial system, so there will be some enlargement of liver whenever there is any infection in body. And as the infection will resolve it will be become normal again in size.so we can say its bodies normal response against infection. No need to worry about that if they have mentioned only hepatosplenomegaly only. Hope this will help.
Hi, Based on the history your mother was prescribed Ecosprin-75 apparently due to ischemic heart disease. Low-dose aspirin such as Ecosprin-75 helps prevent heart attacks and strokes from occurring in people at high risk because it prevents clots from decreasing blood flow, the cause of heart attacks and some strokes. So, in view of the above it is advisable for her to continue taking ecosprin-75 as prescribed. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care
Hi...dear sweet., Thanks for choosing Chat Doctor., Scar on right side burn., not respond to conservative treatment..., So go for surgical or Laser procedures., Surgical...good respond.,but recurrence is more.,1) Chemical peels.,2) Microdermabrasion.,3) Resurfacing and skin grafting., But these are effective only by skilled and trained dermatologist., But Laser...give best results..., FRACTIONAL ERBIUM -YAG Laser., Excellent safety., minimum downtime..., Now with VSP... Variable Square pulse...technology available in market., It is marketed by.... Fotona Dualism XS., Here change the LASER parameters according to severity of scars., Consult good Cosmetologist ....than
Welcome to the ChatDoctorI understand your concerns. It's difficult to see our loved one coughing and sick. Since your child has pulmonary wheeze along with respiratory tract infections as per your description, the following measures will be helpful:1. A short course of antibiotics such as Amoxicillin or azithromycin for 5-7 days can be given.2. Antihistamine such as Chlorpheniramine will help him in recovery and also help in sleep.3. Spy. Stalin or leveling are better and safer than deriphylline syrup. Just hold them if you find tremors or persistent tachycardia i.e. increased heart rate even at rest and afebrile state.4. Use of room humidifier and vapor rub will be helpful. If still the child doesn't respond well, you may contact me. Take care
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor. As a Urologist, i can understand your anxiety. If you're not happy with the nursing staff, you can change the hospital. Think about the good times you've had in life. Meditation and music or reading are good ways to pass time in hospital. Discuss with your doctor, further treatment and duration of stay in hospital. Tell the doctors about nursing staff, in case you're not changing the hospital. Wish you well. Chat Doctor.  Manga.
Hi Ms Swath, Thank you for posting your query. I have noted your fathers medical details. I am glad to note that he has withstood two brain surgeries well. The recent fever may or may not be related to the surgery. Please get him examined by the neurosurgeon to look for any infection at the operation site. If that is ruled out, then, we should look for other sources of infection such as pneumonia or urinary tract infection. I am sure he would improve with physiotherapy and appropriate medical treatment. I hope my answer helps. Please get back if you have any follow-up queries or if you require any additional information. Wishing you good health, Chat Doctor. Ly/
Hello, The plan B pill does not affect the cervix or the pap smear result, so I do not think you will need to reschedule the examinations another time. On the other hand, the plan B pill may cause your menstruation to be one week earlier or one week later, so you may have your periods when you do not expect them. In this case, if you are bleeding, the doctor may decide not to do the pap-smear because the presence of blood may affect the results of the pap smear. I hope this answers your query. I remain at your disposal for further medical assistance.
Hello I can understand your concern, the rashes you developed may be due to fungal infection, Tina courts and Tina corporis.in such case cleaning with disinfectant can cause much irritation.I would advise you to keep the area clean by normal water and more importantly keep it Chat Doctor. Application of antifungal 1% clotrimazole cream and powder twice or thrice a day can be helpful, for more serve condition you can have antifungal orally also. And for itching tab levocetrizine 5 mg (antihistamines) before sleeping can be helpful hope it would help. Thank you
Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor. I understand from your query that your son has an itchy rash in his groin. The most common cause for itchy rash in the groin area is a fungal infection called Tina courts or jock itch. Rovate is steroid which will not help him. In fact, it can worsen the condition. He can benefit from applying a cream containing 1 % Terminating twice a day for 3 weeks. He could also take weekly dosage of fluconazole which has to be prescribed by a doctor. For itching, he can take an antihistamine like levocetrizine at bedtime. He should keep the area Chat Doctor.  He should wear loose undergarments preferably boxer shorts so that the area is well aerated. Hope this helps you. Take care.
Hi, The swelling can be due to the severe traumatic injuries that have happened to you due to falling. There can be deep muscular injuries and if you can not able to move then there can be possibly bone fracture.  So it is mandatory for you to immediately consult an Emergency room and get evaluated. Appropriately X-rays or CT scan can be done to rule out the exact condition.  For now, you can take a combination of painkillers and muscle relaxant like Chlorzoxazone and take rest. But getting checked immediately is a must.  Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care Chat Doctor.
Hello, sorry to hear about the Chat Doctor.  I believe you are still in remission. As A personal experience I believe combination of acupuncture and euro linguistic programming can help you in this situation. There are excellent NLP practitioners are there all over the globe. However the physical dependence created need more physical approach like acupuncture have seen people getting off juices with acupuncture hence I am suggesting
Hello, I read carefully your query and understand your concern. The symptoms seem to be related to a viral infection. I recommend to use anti-inflammatory medications such as Acetaminophen to relieve the pain. I also suggest using magnesium supplement for muscle relaxation. Furthermore, I recommend to rest and Chat Doctor.  Hope my answer was helpful. If you have further queries feel free to contact me again. Kind regards!
Hello. Thank you for asking at Chat Doctor. I went through your history. I would like to make following suggestions to you:1. Regarding your sneezing symptoms, I would suggest you to take regular montelukast and levocetirizine for at least 2-4 weeks (depending upon response). If you are already taking it, I would suggest you intranasal corticosteroid spray.2.  Please do not smoke if you smoke. Please avoid exposure to dusts, smokes and air pollution as much as possible.3. Daily nasal cavity irrigation with saline nasal sprays also will help.4. For identifying the cause of sneezing, I would suggest you to consult an Allergist-Immunologist who will advise you allergy testing. This will help you identify substances causing symptoms to you as well as measures to avoid them.5. For black spots, usually black spots on face are not due to sinus/allergic diseases. They may be due to effects of polluted environment and skin problems. Of course, allergic rhinitis/sinusitis can cause blackish discoloration below the eyes, but not black spots on face. Hope above answers will be helpful to you. Wish you the best of the health. Should you have any query, please feel free to ask at Chat Doctor. Regards.
Hi, blood color stools in a child occurs due to acute gastroenteritis due to stomach infection, worm infestation. At this age, child usually puts everything in mouth and as a result, it results in infection in intestine and stomach. Prebiotic like enterogermina ampule should be given once a day for 3 days to increase intestine eliminator. If bloody stools persist then antibiotic needs to be started. Kindly do stool for routine microscopic test and stool for occult blood test. This will help us in confirming the diagnosis. An examination by doctor should be done so that we may not miss any important finding. Review with reports. Take care.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. You are having chronic cough (cough for more than 2 weeks) and hemoptysis (blood in sputum) which is not relieved by routine Chat Doctor.  So we should definitely rule out lung infection (pneumonia or tuberculosis) and bronchitis. So better to consult pulmonologist and get done clinical examination of respiratory system, chest x-ray and PFT (Pulmonary Function Test). Chest x-ray is needed to rule out lung infection. PFT is must for the diagnosis of bronchitis. You will need higher antibiotics, inhaled bronchodilators and inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) based on the reports. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.
Based on your symptoms, you may have Polycystic kidney disease. We will need to run some tests to confirm the diagnosis.
Hi Welcome to Chat Doctor I have gone through your query and understand your concern. You have not mentioned your age. It seems to me age related problems. You may be having vitamin and trace elements deficiencies. You are advised to get your vitamin D3 and vitamin B12 levels. If found low these can be supplemented. You are advised to take vitamin and trace elements supplements. You can take analgesic such as ibuprofen for pain relief. Electrolyte disturbance should be looked for. You can discuss with your doctor about it. Hope your query get answered. If you have any clarification then don't hesitate to write to us. I will be happy to help you. Wishing you a good health. Take care.
Hello there!  Thank you for asking. Dental procedures are risky one and have a lot of complications if not done under strict protocol. Now in your case I am sure this is just a post extraction inflammation. Give it some time to heal. You remember lower teeth of baby comes first. They area bit blesseder than upper ones in blood supplies. that's why they healed bit earlier. If you don't have any redness or fever associated i am sure its just inflammatory response, and it will heal. Use some anesthetic gels and ANti-inflammatory gels it will relieve the trouble., No worriesregardsS Khan
Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much.  I think you are only inclined to play female role in Chat Doctor.  Nothing more. There are several male bharathanatyam artists and how many you know have female behavior? I remind you of this because you are from Chennai. Please do not misunderstand things and put yourself in trouble. You have a passion for female role in
Hi thanks for asking question in Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. For glandular fever treatment is mostly symptomatic. Take more fruits and more water. Here tremor seems to be essential. If interfere with work beta blocker like propranolol can be started. If it is not effective then Gabapentin is also helpful. If tremor is anxiety induced alprazolam is taken. Physical therapy also done for improving muscle strength and coordination and to decrease tremor under guidance of physiotherapist.Don't worry. I think I have solved your query.
Hello, I passed carefully through your question and would explain that your symptoms could be related to a panic attack. A cardiac arrhythmia cannot be excluded either. For this reason, I would recommend consulting with your attending physician for a physical exam and some tests:- Complete Blood Count for anemia.- Blood electrolytes for any possible imbalance.- Thyroid hormone levels for thyroid gland dysfunction.- A resting ECG and a cardiac ultrasound.- An ambulatory 24 to 48 hours ECG monitoring to examine your heart rhythm trends for a prolonged time and investigate for any possible cardiac arrhythmia. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Based on your symptoms, it sounds like you may have a cornea infection. It is important to start treatment as soon as possible to prevent further damage to your eye.
Hi welcome to Chat Doctor. I have gone through your question. Your right tube blocked!? Of one of the two tubes is patent then you can conceive from that side. I would advise doing follicular scan to make confirm follicles are developing. For low sperms' motility I would advise doing color Doppler ultrasound to rule out varicocele, and to see vascularity of testes. And consult urologist for the same. Hope I answered your question. Would be happy to help you further. Take care.
Hello appreciate your concerns could be a residual effect of ankle sprain due to inadequate healing following injury you need not worry please follow these guidelines1. Do Hot fomentation keep your both legs into a bucket filled with hot water for 10 minutes twice daily 2. Physiotherapy will definitely help you 3. Have a glass of milk daily and calcium with vitamin D supplements4. Take rest for few more days 1 to 2 weeks Hope this helps you get well soon regards
The likelihood of you conceiving is less than 5 percent due to this incident since you took pill only 14 hours after unprotected sex. Ovulation day is usually on 14-15 day of cycle, but it can happen on any day of fertile days. Ovulation day can only be predicted by you yourself if you use ovulation detection kit, Yes it is possible to get pregnant during any of the fertile days because you do not know the date of ovulation and even if you know the date of ovulation unprotected sex up to 3-4 days before that can lead to conception Hope this helps
Hello, I can understand your concern. I would recommend that you stop the Melanie cream. first, the most important thing to prevent darkening of skin is to prevent constant sun exposure by using a sunscreen of SPF more than 50 if possible. This has to be applied on all exposed parts half an hour before going out to sun and reapplied every 4 hours. A daily regimen of cleansing your face thrice a day, moisturizing and using sunscreen is very effective.  Also application of glycolic acid 6 % cream will help in resolving the marks. It has to be applied at night daily. Regards
Hello, I have studied your case. For resistant coccydynia[tail bone pain] sacral local block injection may be helpful. Phototherapy [local injection] may also work for sacral pain. Consult your doctor for injection. Physiotherapy like ultrasound and inferential therapy will give relief. I will advise checking your it B12 and it D3 level. Continue site bath and use of ring cushion. Hope this answers your query. If you have additional questions or follow-up queries then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your queries. Wishing you good health. Take care.
Hello, Thanks for postingWell according to your description and on location of the pain (left side) it is more likely that you are suffering from acute pancreatitis which might be as a result of gallstones (as a complication). Gallstones could present with similar pains on the left side but most at times they occur at epigastric or right Hyperion Chat Doctor.  In order to confirm this your doctor will need to run serum amylase, serum lipase, urine amylase, abdominal ultrasound and/or CT scan. Other blood tests like Complete blood count, fasting blood sugar, urine test etc. Also, important to rule out peptic ulcer diseases which could be responsible for radiation to back and neck. Your back and neck pain could be isolated diseases conditions such as fibromyalgia, neuralgia or other illness. You will need to get an appointment with an internist for review and further treatment. Hope this helps
Hi... Thank you for consulting in Chat Doctor. It seems your kid is having viral diarrhea. Once it starts it will take 5-7 days to completely get better. Unless the kids having low urine output or very dull or excessively sleepy or blood in motion or green bilious vomiting...you need not worry. There is no need to use antibiotics unless there is blood in the motion. Antibiotics might worsen if unnecessarily used causing antibiotic associated diarrhea. I suggest you use zinc supplements (Z&D Chat Doctor.
Hi dear I understand your concern. Mood swings/aggressive and irritability/sleep disturbances etc. are the symptoms of depression anxiety. But need to evaluate properly. Stress causes mood variability and sleep problem. Anxiolytic medicine will help to control stress and benzodiazepines are anxiolytic and sedative, so it can help to get good sleep also. If mood features persist there after then medicine like anti-depressant in low dose will help to control mood swings and anger outburst. SSRI like Escitalopram / sertraline / paroxetine etc. will give good results. Choice of medicines depend upon clinical symptoms so consult psychiatrist and get help. Still if you have a query then feel free to ask. Happy to help you further. Thank you.
Hello Tariq, I think your wife is having epileptic episodes ! Two things in the history is supporting my diagnosis, one is stretched jaws and pulling of body and second is feeling fatigue after every episode ! The epileptic episodes might be triggered by some lesion in brain(can be seen in CT/MRI Brain) or just due to some physiological causes (can NOT be seen in CT/MRI Brain). I advise you to visit nearby Neurologist, he will start some epilepsy preventing medicines and other necessary advices !!hope my info helped you regards, Chat Doctor.
A creatinine of 1.5 indicates a kidney function of less than 50%. (because creatine does not rise till 50% function is lost). Most likely it is due to DM and HTN. But it is good to do an ultrasound to check if there is no other problems. Get your urine checked for protein. Some of you heart medications may cause a mild rise in creatinine which is OK. You may need to restrict your salt and fluid (equal to your urine output) else it may put excess load on your heart. Avoid Chat Doctor.  Green vegetables are high in potassium - boil them for 15 mins and discard the water before preparations. Get a nephrologist to assess you in detail.
Hi, thanks for writing to Chat Doctor. Your symptoms are typically suggestive of a Lumbar disc disease with radiculopathy which implies that a protruded intervertebral disc is compressing over the nerve root causing the pain down the leg. The conservative management of this condition is as follows -* avoid forward bending activities as it will worsen the disc protrusion* avoid lifting heavy weights* Use a lumbosacral back support * Maintain optimum body weight, if you are obese* use of analgesics and muscle relaxants as needed* Intermittent pelvic traction to cause a regression of disc* Physiotherapy to strengthen your back muscles. Physiotherapy has to be done only after the acute pain has subsided. If your symptoms are not resolving with the above measures, then an Epidural steroid injection will help in reducing your pain. Hope this information is helpful. Good day
Hi welcome to ChatDoctorI have gone through your query. I can understand your concern . Actually, The symptoms of your daughter, discoloration on toenails and muscle spasms when suffering from anemia are natural. RBC's transport oxygen throughout the body as Anemia is a condition where the number of healthy red blood cells (RBC's) in the blood is lower than normal. , so a shortage of these cells can be serious and can cause all the symptoms . Anemia is not an actual disease - it's a condition that's caused by some other problem. There are basic ways you can develop anemia:Stress, foremost common cause of anemia is blood loss. Lack of nutritionDiseases like These polyps can cause bleeding between periods as well as heavier flow.causing anemiaInsufficient absorbable iron in the diet is the most common cause of iron deficiency. The body needs iron to make hemoglobin, a protein on RBC's that carries the oxygen from the lungs to the rest of the body. Hemoglobin also gives blood its red color. In addition to lack of iron, there tends to be a lack of vitamin B12 and folic acid in the diet as well. Vitamin B12, vitamin C, and folic acid are all crucial to RBC production, and a deficiency in any one of these vitamins puts you at risk for anemia. Good sources of vitamin B12 include beef and fish. Vegetables don't contain this vitamin, so if you don't eat meat, fish, or dairy products, you'll need to take vitamin B12 supplements. Sources of folic acid include spinach, green peas, oranges, and cantaloupe. For your info our body acts as a unit. If one part gets diseased the whole body is affected. So you have to treat the body as a whole so that you don't fall sick Dear in fact, Your body is always fighting something -- an infection, a toxin, an allergen, a food or the stress response -- and somehow it redirects its hostile attack on your joints, your brain, your thyroid, your gut, your skin, or sometimes your whole body. Your immune system is your defense against invaders. But when the immune system becomes weak, the disease cells can grow out of control, the disease overpowers you should not ignore other possibilities, that can be constipation, mental stress, worry, anger. All affect our health badly. So regular exercise and Balanced diet containing essential nutrients as fiber, fruit green veges vitamins and minerals in natural form - coconut water, lemon juice with water nuts, almonds, and supplements full of antioxidants as Aloe vera juice + AMLA juice 2 spoons, A level spoon Turmeric powder + Almond oil is very important for our sound mental and physical health and strengthen immune response naturally For proper blood circulation. Exercise, yoga, Kapalbhatti Panama -deep breathing, Anglo Film, Calamari are help full for soothing nerves inducing sleep and eliminating toxins from our body and help the natural hormones work, and causes the bone marrow to produce more RBC's leading towards healthy life . Make sure that you get enough sleep every night. Meditation also helps sooth the mind helps in detoxifying and strengthening the immune system to enhance resistance from diseases and pave way for healthy disease free life. Take Homeopathic Fer rum Pros 6 & Cascara Pros 6 / alternately / 2 times each . Take 3 hourly. Repeat for 15 days. Hope this helps solves your query. Take care. All the Westmont hesitate to come with further query if you have any.
Hi thanks for asking infection. Noted you are carrier for HBS AG... Here you have mentioned that doctor says you are in inactive stage... So for that HBV DNA, Head and liver enzymes might be done. If not do it for rule out active stage... If chronic active stage present specific antiviral medication started... Take care of liver by low fat diet and more fruits... Junk food, non veg, butter, cheese avoided. You can take cumin seed one tsp with water daily.... If jaundice occur, headache, abdominal pain then rule out hepatitis with LFT profile.... Regular follow up needed. Just now don't worry. Take care....
Welcome at Chat Doctor I have gone through your query and being your physician I completely understand your health concerns. For how long you're suffering from it? Any other associated problem? Like diabetes ? Do u have a family history of heart problems?  Based upon your history it appears she has got systemic hypertension. Which Chat Doctor.  It will help your doctor to decide about the titration of the dose If I am your attending physician I will definitely look for the other associated problems. I will get her ECG along with ECHO. I will look at his kidney function tests as well as lipid profile.
Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. She has hematemesis and severe bleeding leads to anemia, iron deficiency and difficulties in breathing. She should be given blood transfusion till exact diagnosis. Furthermore, she may have some liver pathology or portal hypertension. Furthermore, she needs endoscopy examination and routine blood test. Then take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have any doubts then contact me at bit.ly/ Chat Doctor. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Respected user, thanks for using Chat Doctor.come have evaluated your query thoroughly.* Seems hematoma formation most likely with referred neuritic pain over back side.* Should immediately seek medical attention without delay as the symptoms' severity is much more according to the narration, take tab. Tylenol (500)mg stat dose for instant relief. Hope this clears your query. Welcome for further assistance. Regards.
Hi. Thanks for asking in Chat Doctor. You have a very good observation indeed. Generally, menstrual cycles are painful as they are ovulatory cycles. Ovulation is the rupture of ovum and release of egg, necessary for fertilization. The oral contraceptives inhibit ovulation and makes the cycles ovulatory.  This is one of the main action of OCP in preventing conception. The pain and bleeding during menstruation are due to increased uterine contraction needed to expel the unfertilized egg products in the form of clots. You have no pain and less bleeding with OCP not only because the cycles are ovulatory but also because the bleeding is with Chat Doctor.  Also, with OCP, your periods will be on a regular cyclical pattern. I hope this is useful to you.
Hello there and welcome to Chat Doctor, Your extraction of wisdom teeth is no where related to the bruise on the arm. As you have described purple reddish bruise I can suspect formation of hematoma on the arm due to long placement of scalp vein or misplaced scalp vein. I suggest you to visit a physician and get it confirmed. If it is hematoma it will resolve in few days with proper medication. don't worry but see a doctor before the condition gets worse. Get well soon and take care.
Hello, I understand your concern. I am Chat Doctor, Infectious diseases specialists, responding to you. If you have jaundice at the age of four, and also you have Bag positive this notifies to you as a chronic carrier of the hepatitis B. I suggest you to do hepatitis profile. This will help you in establishing your current status. I will be glad to answer your further query. Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. Wish you the best health. Thank you, ChatDoctor.
Hello, A constant cough in this setting definitely requires exclusion of:(1) heart failure, with other symptoms of shortness of breath, unable to lie flat and swelling of the legs; an ECHO would be required; (2) chest infection, a Chest X-Ray is definitely required; (3) medication induced cough, the common one being April or captopril or lisinopril group of Chat Doctor.  You must see your Cardiologist to exclude the above 3 common causes, as only after seeing a doctor will he be able to exclude other rarer causes or causes more relevant in the current setting. I hope this was useful. Best Wishes.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. No need to worry about this scar lesions in lungs. All lung infections including tuberculosis heal after treatment. They heal mostly by following three mechanism. 1. Fibrosis (most common) 2. Calcification. 3. Rarely Complete resolution. So this fibrosis look like scar lesions on chest x-ray. They are inactive, noninfectious lesions. So no treatment is required for them. They will remain as it is throughout the life. No need to worry as they are harmless. And these scar have no effect on his life span. Yes, he can definitely down exercise. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wishing good health to your husband. Thanks.
Hi...no anti-allergic is recommended or FDA approved at less than 6 months age. But in medicine it is always risk benefit ratio. So it is the discretion of the clinician to prescribe a medicine or not. My personal opinion is that if the so-called sneezing and chest congestion are not affecting the kid’s daily activities, you need not give him any medicine. Most of the cough and cold in kids are self limiting and seasonal. So do not worry. Regards -
Hi welcome to Chat Doctor, I understand your query and concern. Your symptoms are suggestive of heart failure secondary to ischemic changes in the heart. I advise you to get an ECG,2 D Echo, lipid profile, hsCRP immediately to confirm the diagnosis. Monitor your blood pressure regularly. Take fluids 3-4 liters per day. If blood pressure is less than 80/60 mm Hg you may need intravenous fluids. Chat Doctor. Coronary angiogram with or without stenting will be the procedure of choice. Consult your cardiologist for expert management. Hope I have answered your query at the moment, Post your further queries if any, Thank you
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. Ideally we should rule out cardiac cause first for your chest pain.  But you don't have an option for ER visit, ECG can not be possible. I think it is HERD (Castro Esophageal Reflux Disease).  It is due to laxity of gastroesophageal sphincter. Because of this the acid of the stomach tends to come up in the esophagus and cause the symptoms. Try to follow these steps for better symptomatic relief. 1. Avoid hot and spicy food. 2. Avoid large meals, instead take frequent small meals. 3. Avoid stress and anxiety. 4. Start proton pump inhibitor. 5. Go for walk after meals. 6. Keep 2 - 3 pillows under head in the bed. 7. Avoid smoking and alcohol if you have this habit. 8. Lose weight if you are obese.
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor. You haven't mentioned the exact location of your herniation, whether cervical(neck region) or lower down. If the herniation or disc prolapse is in the neck region, then definitely it can cause several annoying symptoms like neck pain and rigidity, shooting pain along your shoulder to your arms, numbness and sometimes, pin and needle sensations in your fingertips. It can even produce your ear symptoms like loss of balance and ringing sensation. My advice is to visit a good Or tho specialist and let him have look. Hope this will be helpful to Mohave a Great day.
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor, brother do not assume or presume by yourself. Flesh color spot may be due to biting cusps of tooth also. If you have any chewing habit then also, cancer do not start very fast and if you have any such habit then stop it immediately. If the condition you think by yourself as cancer then you might not be able to eat properly from that side, or it would have been difficult for you to rotate the neck smoothly also. And what you have mentioned do not give such assumptions, so take a deep breath and visit the dentist and for your personal safety ask him/her for the biopsy report also. Thanks
Hello, It looks that you are recovering from a Major surgery of anterior cervical disc fusion (ACD). The good thing behind your concern is that most probably this pain is not associated with your surgery. Most of the general problems after ACD surgery resolve itself. The present pain may be due to some soft tissue edema or ligament sprain which may occurred during injury. In my routine OLD, I do treat such cases with mild anti-inflammatory analgesic like diclofenac. You may also take help of a physiotherapist who may teach you some chest exercises for this. Warm fomentation over affected are may be helpful for you. I will also advise you to visit to your operating surgeon for help. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hello! Thank you for asking on Chat Doctor! I carefully passed through your question and would explain that you may have primary high blood pressure (as your tests have excluded possible secondary causes of high blood pressure. Do you have any family history for high blood pressure?  These blood pressure values are borderline. I would recommend you to closely monitor your blood pressure. If your blood pressure values tend to get higher, it will be necessary starting antihypertensive therapy. I would recommend starting with an ACE inhibitor (enalapril, April, etc.) or a calcium channel blocker (amlodipine, nifedipine). Hope to have been helpful! Kind regards,
Hi. Thanks for your query. Beautiful presentation of the symptoms by you. Pain from an area between belly button and right hip, and up a tad; discomfort in inner abdomen in right side, feeling of an organ on laying down, discomfort rises on coughing and soreness in the general abdomen. This is classical book-picture of appendicitis unless proved otherwise. I would advise you the following. Tests of blood, urine and stool. Ultrasonography of the abdomen and to be confirmed by CT scan if required. Clinical evaluation and physical examination by a General Surgeon;Appendectomy if confirmed with a course of an antibiotic, metronidazole and probiotics, symptomatic and supportive as for any other problems like Risperidone if nausea and vomiting and Paracetamol if fever or so. Do not take laxative, it is contraindicated.
Hello, The information of your brother is reflective of delusional disorder. In his case he has suspicion over his family for ruining his business. Such illness initially affects family life and relations of the patient, and it is not possible to convince them for treatment. Usually, lately the health, self-care and work is also affected. There can be add-on depression or anxiety above the delusional disorder. The only way to treat such patient is by giving them medicines regularly. They should be brought back to family home and meds are given hidden in food or forcefully or by regular convincing them. With Chat Doctor.  Within few days there is good improvement in most of the cases but
HelloApicolordotic view of chest is advised if there are suspicious densities in apical region of lung. Apicolordotic view is a special view of chest X-ray to visualize apical region of lungs. This view is necessary because apical region is covered by bony ribs, clavicle etc. Normal chest X-ray (PA)can miss the findings. This is not a serious issue. Doctor only want to confirm the findings and this is needed for better treatment. Take Care Chat Doctor.
Hello, While an occasional infection is inevitable and not a cause for concern, recurrent bouts of various infections should definitely be investigated. In my opinion, you should undergo some tests like Blood sugar test, to make sure you are not diabetic and a complete blood count with your white cell counts and differential counts, to see if there is a problem with your immune system. Additionally, if you are on long term steroid therapy, you could also be prone to infections. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Thanks for contacting Chat Doctor. You have problem of headache and back pain that after sudden movement may be because of nerve compression problem. Cervical disc problem cause pain after sudden movement. It may cause nerve compression problem. MRI give exact idea about nerve compression. Cervical disc bulging may cause neck pain while sudden movement of neck. This pain can referred to back or head region also. Physiotherapy is helpful for severe back pain because of nerve compression. Consent a physician for further diagnosis. I hope my guidance is helpful to you. Take care. Thanks.
Hello. Thank you for your question and welcome to Chat Doctor. I understand your concern. As I can realize from your description, you experience what we call an extrasystole (heart skipping a beat), which is fairly common in people that are overweight, Chat Doctor.  My opinion is that these are benign episodes and usually of no significance. However, if you continue to be concerned, I would recommend you to be put on a 24-hour Holder rhythm monitor, to determine if these episodes are more common that you think and, if so, proper treatment should be instituted and caution should be recommended. Also, I would suggest you to run some blood electrolyte levels. Feel free to ask again. I hope I was helpful with my answer. Regards. Take care.
Hello, I passed carefully through your question and would explain that chronic fatigue could be related to Below adverse effects.  I don't think that you are taking an extra dosage as your blood pressure values seem to be normal and not too low.  Coming to this point, I would recommend reducing gradually the dose of Below.  You should discuss with your doctor on the above issues. Hope I have answered your query. Let me know if I can assist you further.
Hello, Thanks for consulting ChatDoctorRead your query pain in gums can be due to inflammation in gums it can be due to gingivitis, or it can be due to periodontitis also and there might be possibility fill fitting partial denture or sharp or irregular surface of denture. I will suggest consulting oral surgeon for examination of denture and gums if needed go for oral prophylaxis, in meantime do warm saline rinses 2 - 3 times a day, and you can apply gum paint on gums. Hope this will help you.
Degree understand your concerns went through your details. I suggest you not to worry much. Anxiety disorder. Mind you, it is a disorder and not a disease. Diseases can be treated with the help of medications and disorders are treated with lifestyle changes. You must understand that you have disorder and nothing to worry. Anxiety aches and pains are normal. Very much normal. You should believe your doctor and learn to ignore and relax. I can treat you and cure anxiety disorder and depression with psychotherapy. Please post a direct question to me with all your details past and present, and I shall prescribe effective psychotherapy techniques to overcome your problems. Hope this answers your query. Available for further clarifications. Good luck.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. In my opinion we need to rule out cardiac cause first. So get done ECG and 2D Echo to rule out cardiac cause. If these are normal than most probably your symptoms are due to anxiety and stress. So consult psychiatrist and start treatment for anxiety. Get done counselling sessions for identifying stressor in your life and find solution for it. Newer anxiolytic Chat Doctor. So consult psychiatrist and start treatment.
Welcome to Chat Doctor After going through your query I concluded that you got injury to your wrist. You got injury to your wrist probably you got injury to your ulnar nerve leading to numbness and tingling in ring and little finger. Mecobalamine is helpful in recovering of nerve injury. Analgesic such as ibuprofen is useful in pain relief. MRI will be of use to see injury in details. You can discuss with your doctor about it. Hope your query get answered. If you have any clarification then please don't hesitate to write to us. I will be happy to answer your queries. You can also write to me directly on below link:https://www.bit.ly/ask Chat Doctor.  Take care.
Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor.Pancreatitis is most commonly caused by gallbladder stones and alcohol abuse. Since you removed gallbladder possibility of pancreatitis is less now, but possible. YOu should avoid alcohol, fats and abundant meals. After cholecystectomy postcholecystectomy syn Chat Doctor.  1-2 months are needed till your digestion balance, and you can expect improvement then. If your symptoms persist you should do gastrostomy to evaluated all this. If you have pain that radiate to back it can be pancreatitis again, and visit hospital if you feel it that way. Wish you good health.
Hello, Appreciate your concern for your husband. The swelling of the abdomen and the genital area are due to fluid accumulation. The fluid accumulation is due to excess salt and fluid in the body, low serum albumin due to cirrhosis and block in the flow of blood through the liver due to cirrhosis. Your query touches a very important point - What can be done at home to help him in addition to what the healthcare team are doing. The most important help from home would be1. Restrict salt and fluids as much as possible.2. Increase first class protein intake in consultation with the treating doctor-should avoid encephalopathy.3. Eat a wholesome food with plenty of fiber to avoid constipation.4. An osmotic laxative like lactulose will be helpful 5. Avoid painkillers like NSAIDs and other medicines that can lead to fluid accumulation.6. Increase the diuretics in consultation with the treating doctor. Care should be taken to avoid electrolyte abnormalities. Hope your husband feels better with these measures. Take Care Chat Doctor.
Hello and thank you for your question. There are treatments for hepatitis, but you would need to see a liver specialist to know which one is best for you. There are several types of viral hepatitis, and you need to know which one you have to determine which medication is right for you. They may even need to do a liver biopsy in order to determine the stage of your liver disease. Elevations of GOT ad SGPT are signs of liver irritation and are common in patients with hepatitis. Please avoid any alcohol or acetaminophen as these can further damage the liver. See a liver specialist for a determination of which treatment is right for you.
Hello, It's a matter of concern. First we need to find out a cause. Possible reason includes, thyroid problem, potassium abnormalities or sometimes problems in heart pacemaker called sinus node.  He should get one ECG and holder monitoring done. Also, thyroid and kidney function test are needed. If we are able to find some treatable cause then it's fine, otherwise he may need pacemaker depending upon a cause.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your situation and problem. Breast cancers usually have good prognosis if detected early and treatment started promptly. Since your relative has advanced (metastatic) Breast cancer, this carries poor prognosis. Lung metastasis with recurrent malignant pleural effusion further worsen the survival rate. Life expectancy in his/her case is less than 1 year. And five year survival rate is less than 5%. So better to discuss end of life issues with him/her.
Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor . I read your report. In that you have not mentioned sperm count.  If your count is low then you need to follow the underwritten treatment.1)start tablet combination of lycopene, zinc and multivitamin for 3 months. 2)reduce weight3)quit alcohol and smoking. 4)take healthy diet. After 3 months repeat test. If no improvement is there then you are advice to go for GUI.  Here healthy sperms are placed in uterus. This increase chances of pregnancy. Hope I have been helpful. Regards Chat Doctor.
Hi there, and thank you for your question. I appreciate you concern regarding your prostate, but I would like to put your mind at ease here. The readings you've noted in your inquiry are within normal parameters according to the information I have. A normal adult prostate can weight between 20-25 grams and have dimensions of 40x20x30mm. If anything, It's very slightly increased in one of the dimensions but really nothing to worry about. Also, if you don't have any lower urinary tract symptoms such as difficulty to start urinating, weak stream or Chat Doctor. The best way to screen for prostate pathology is to have a prostate exam done by your doctor, which entails a digital rectal evaluation, and combining those findings with a blood test of the prostate specific antigen (PSA) levels. I hope this helps and good luck.
Hello, Welcome to Chat Doctor, As you are having symptoms of fungal infection, your doctor has advised creams like Rider cream is a triamcinolone acetone which helps to reduce the swelling, itching, and redness that can occur in these types of fungal infection. Viaderm KC is also having same Chat Doctor. E triamcinolone acetone is a topical corticosteroid prescribed to treat an irritation, pain, and swelling associated with injuries. Side effects that may occur while using these creams like pain, burning, or irritation at the application site. The most common cause of elevated phosphorus levels in the blood is decreased kidney function. Rarely, it is due to excess intake of phosphorus or vitamin D, which increases absorption of phosphorus from the small intestine. As you are having increased phosphorus level you need to undergo renal function test to see other parameters. Thank you.
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. I can understand your concern. In my opinion, we should rule out arrhythmia (rhythm disturbances in heart) in your case because arrhythmia can cause similar kind of symptoms. So consult cardiologist and get done 1. ECG 2. 2d echo 3. Holder monitoring (24 hours continuous recording of ECG). You may need anti arrhythmia Chat Doctor.  Don't worry, you will be alright with proper treatment. Hope I have solved your query. I will be happy to help you further. Wish you good health. Thanks.
Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. Your mother may have uterine cancer. Thyroid, diabetes and hypertension is common problems. If all things are under controlled then no need to worry. She should go for hysterectomy and take further treatment after histopathological report. Don't worry much. Just go for surgery. Hope I have answered your question, if you have any doubts then contact me at bit.ly/ Chat Doctor. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Hi There After going through your query I understand your concern. I would like to tell you that treadmill test is done to check if there is any abnormality in heart rhythm during exertion. If there are changes in ST-T segment that is indicative of inducible ischemia. If your test shows some abnormal changes then should get a further evaluation done. Its recommend for you to consult with a cardiologist and get an angiography done. Kind Regards
Hello! Welcome and thank you for asking on Chat Doctor! Regarding your concern, I would explain that your blood pressure values are above the normal ranges. The headaches could be related to high blood pressure. But, at your age it is not normal to have such blood pressure values. That is why, I would recommend consulting with your attending physician and performing some tests to investigate for possible secondary causes of high blood pressure: - a chest X-ray study- a resting ECG-complete blood count for anemia-thyroid hormone levels for possible dysfunction- blood electrolytes for possible imbalance-kidney and liver function tests-cortisol and aldosterone plasma levels for possible a Chat Doctor.  You should discuss with your doctor. Meanwhile, I recommend avoiding salt and caffeine intake and perform a lot of physical activity in order to have a better control of blood pressure. Starting antihypertensive therapy may be necessary if your blood pressure values keep being at this level. Hope to have been helpful! Kind regards,
Hi and welcome to Chat Doctor. It can be related, and probably is. Klebsiella isn't common causative agent, but it happens in immunocompromised and in hospitalized patients. Lung infections lead to bacteremia, it means that bacteria has entered bloodstream after which it can be transmissed to any organ(kidneys, heart, brain). It should be treated aggressively by intravenous antibiotics and this is usually enough for healing. In rare cases it can lead to serious kidney damage, but in most cases it heals without consequences. Wish you good health.
Hi. Thanks for posting your concern at ChatDoctorCosmelite cream contains Mometasone, retinoid and HY Chat Doctor.  It is usually prescribed by dermatologists for Plasma and Pigmentation over face. Usage is limited to 2-3 months because prolonged use can lead to steroid related side effects like acne, photosensitivity, skin thinning and telangiectasis, facial hair growth specially in females. It should always be used under the supervision of a dermatologist and that too for not more than 2-3 months would advise that you visit a dermatologist who might ask you to use a triple combination cream like Carmelite initially for 2-3 months but after that usage of a cream containing ingredients like comic acid, glycolic acid, albumin, betray
Hello.... You have got surgery and chemo radiation for your anal cancer...ND as u have lump near UT anal canal may be due to some cause.... as it is painful its more likely to be infectious... Becoz chemo and radiation also lowers the immunity of body... Better to confirm and rule out new malignancy primarily a sonographic scan would be a better option...along with routine blood investigation... That will lead us to a proper diagnosis and treatment
Hello, and I hope I can help you today. There is little chance of pregnancy if your partner did not ejaculate inside you or near the opening of the vagina. In addition, the most common sign of pregnancy is a missed period. So if your menses are delayed longer than a week, you may perform a urine pregnancy test. It will be accurate by three to four weeks after your sexual encounter. I hope I was able to adequately answer your question today and that my advice was helpful. Best wishes,
Dear sanjayfirst of all why you wrote It's as an autism you said that its 7-year-old child, and you noticed some of the abnormal behavior we need to see her behavior autistic child are by birth only, and gradually you can notice her symptoms through her routine activities do inform me in detail about her behavior we can give them some homeopatChatDoctoredicines for the same and that will work on her for sure but before committing anything let me see the patient first all the best
Hi, I am Chat Doctor.  I have read your question and understand your concerns. Let me try to help you Question : Is shoulder pain and breathing difficulty normal with spinal tumor? Answer : No. L5 Spinal Tumor Will NOT cause Shoulder Pain and Breathing Difficulty Shoulder Pain and Breathing Difficulty are due to some other problem, most likely a problem in Cervical Spine would suggest you to consult a Neurosurgeon at the earliest Hope you found the answer helpful. If you need any clarification / have doubts / have additional questions / have follow-up questions, then please do not hesitate in asking again. I will be happy to answer your questions. Let me know if I can assist you further. Take care.
Hello, Thanks for your query. A high mean platelet volume is an indication that something is causing the destruction of the platelets or that the production of the platelets is increased. Platelets play an important role in our blood clotting. A high mean platelet volume also means that the blood will clot faster, which can lead to thrombosis and stroke. Leukemia and idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura can both cause an increase in the mean platelet volume. I do hope that you have found something helpful, and I will be glad to answer any further query. Take care
HelloFindings may indicate UTI(urinary tract infection).UTI is indicated due to presence of excessive WBC, RBC,bacteria in urine. RBC may be due to UTI. Ultrasound of abdomen can be done to exclude renal calculus. You need proper clinical examination and routine investigations. Investigations include routine hologram, random blood sugar, renal function test, urine culture/sensitivity. Nitrite test and leukocyte esterase test can be done for confirmation of UTI. Proper antibiotics should be based upon culture and sensitivity report. You should Chat Doctor. You may need alkalizing syrup. Get well soon. Take Care
Hi, After going through your history, I can understand your concerns. Stones smaller than 5 mm can usually be managed conservatively (without surgery). Since you are having recurrent stone formation it is important to find out if you have any underlying condition which predisposes you for stone formation. These conditions can be checked by testing your blood for calcium, phosphorus, uric acid levels and 24 hour urine collection for creatinine, calcium, phosphorus, uric acid, oxalate, citrate, sodium and magnesium. You may need specific therapies if you have any alteration in the blood or urine levels of these chemicals. Did you have your stone analyzed during the last surgery? The type of stone can guide us in using specific medications and taking particular diet to prevent further recurrence. The general precautions include:1.  Chat Doctor. 5 to 3 liters. Keep urine colorless. Keep 24 hr urine volume more than 1.5 to 2 liter.2. Reduce sodium intake to 3. Reduce meat consumption to 6 ounces/day. In case you have a lot of small stones, please consult a Urologist who may plan for flexible ureteroscopy - to go inside the kidney, see each stone, break and remove them. I am ready to provide any clarification you need, Wish you good health and a stone-free life,
HI. Muscle strain can not mimic diverticulitis pain. First remember the flare up pain of diverticulitis is very strong along with associated symptoms of fever and others. Your pain is limited to a smaller area only 2/10 on a scale and pains when palpated aggressively. This type of pain can be due to a muscle pull as you are thinking. It may aggravate due to movements of the abdominal musclesApply rubrafacient cream and take painkiller like Ibuprofen after food, it may go off. Psoas muscle spasm can not cause such pains as it is a deep-seated muscle at the back portion of the abdomen can it increases by movement of the thigh. Muscle strain can not mimic diverticulitis pain.
Hi, Thank you for posting your query. The prognosis of a benign tumor of pituitary is quite good. So, if you have gone through the biopsy report of the tumor, and it is benign, then the chances of long term survival is quite good. There could be mild decline in her memory and cognitive functions due to her tumor and radiotherapy. However, we should investigate whether she has any other reasons for the same. This would include checking for vitamin B12 deficiency, thyroid dysfunction, etc. Proper treatment of her dementia would help her recover to an extent. Best wishes, Chat Doctor.
THANKS FOR YOUR QUERY. Everyone has a flu or a bad cold once in a while, so a viral infection usually isn't serious. Of course, it can be very bothersome and unfortunately there isn't any properly effective medication to cure viral infection, antibiotics aren't effective. Only Contact a doctor:Complaints lasting more than 7 dissever longer than 5 days do not link this with the previous episode. You should take her for examination. HOPE THAT HELPS.
Hello, thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. If I am your doctor I suggesting you that your husband has Pyrex of unknown origin, as all the mentioned tests are negative I suspect a brucellosis in your case. You can get blood culture for rubella also you should think for antibody testing of the rubella. But there are other possibilities also. But we can exclude the other possibilities once we clear from above diagnosis. If you have to ask me anything you can contact me. Chat Doctor. Infectious disease specialist. Thank you.
Hi, I can't sent you reply on email, as it is prohibited for public forum questions and I don't see your email. The most common side effect of Along is leg edema, sometimes rapid heart rate, allergic reactions and redness of face can occur. But if you take it for several years and have no side effect until now, you can continue it safely. Wishing you good health In case of further questions don't hesitate to ask
Thanks for your question on Chat Doctor. In my opinion you are having HERD (Castro Esophageal Reflux Disease). It is due to laxity of gastroesophageal sphincter. Because of this the acid of the stomach tends to come up in the esophagus and cause the symptoms. Your discomfort is associated with stress and intake of wine which also favors diagnosis of HERD. So try to follow these steps for better symptomatic relief. 1. Avoid hot and spicy food. 2. Avoid large meals, instead take frequent small meals. 3. Avoid stress and anxiety. 4. Start proton pump inhibitor. 5. Go for walk after meals. 6. Keep 2 - 3 pillows under head in the bed. 7. Avoid smoking and alcohol if you have this habit. 8. Lose weight if you are obese.
Hi, thanks for sharing your health concerns with Chat Doctor!  If I were your treating Doctor for this case of a head lump, I would come up with only one and one possibility that is a sebaceous cyst! Nothing to worry about this and try not to get infected there! Well, this is a fairly common benign disease of the skin/skin appendages and CSF has nothing to do with it; however, in worse case it could be some parasitic cyst also! I suggest you to go for an FNAC test of the lump for confirmation and to relieve your concerns! Hope this answers your question. If you have additional questions or follow-up questions then please do not hesitate in writing to us. I will be happy to answer your questions. Wishing you good health.
Welcome to the ChatDoctorThe reason for sucChatDoctorplaints can be nappy rash or fungal infection. Regular change of nappy, application of thin layer of petroleum jelly before using nappy and keeping area open for some time in between each nappy change will help in prevention of nappy rash. You may use nappy rash ointment such as rash free if rash is present. Hopefully this will help you. Take care
Hello, I have studied your case. Most probable reason for your symptoms could be postural problem. When such patient comes to my hospital we usually take x-ray spine to see for any nerve compression. Medication like methylcobalamine with muscle relaxant and analgesic will reduce pain; you can take them consulting your treating doctor. Some exercises which can be done after pain has reduced include-Spine extension exercises, Lying on your stomach flat lift leg 6 inches from ground, do it for other leg. Now lift both hand and leg simultaneously, 6 inches off the ground and supposition for around 10 breathes. Core stabilizing spine exercises will help. You may consult physiotherapist for further guidance. He may start TENS, or ultrasound which is helpful in your case. I will advise checking your it B12 and it D3 level. Hope this helps. Wish you speedy recovery.  Take care.
Hello, Thank you for your contact to Chat Doctor. I understand your concern. If I am your doctor I suggest you to get vaccinated if your friends dig is not immune to rabies. If it is immune than there is no point of worry to you. Also, you can observe the dog for 10 days if there are symptoms of the rabies in dog you should be vaccinated. I will be happy to answer your further concerned can contact me. Chat Doctor. Infectious disease specialist. Thank you.
Hi, Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Gall stones need to be operated. If stones are present with in gall bladder, it can be done as elective procedure, not to worry, avoid fatty food in diet. If stone is causing obstruction of biliary duct that needs to operated on emergency basis. If you notice jaundice, itching of skin, further severe pain abdomen need to consult doctor immediately. Consult your doctor for examination and management. Hope I answered your question. Feel free to ask me if you have any further queries. Wish you good health. Take care. Regards
Hello, Thank you for asking at Chat Doctor. I went through your history and would like to know more about you as follows: a. In the past, have you ever had such hives? b. How your allergies to insects and cephalexin were diagnosed? c. Do you have any other complaints along with hives, like respiratory complaints, nose complaints, stomacChatDoctorplaints, etc.? d. Do you have any repeated digestive complaints? e. Do you have any other medical conditions? f. Do you need to take any other medications frequently/repeatedly? Above information would help me to understand your complaints better and therefore to make suggestions more specifically. However, at present, I would like to make suggestions for you as follows:1. I usually suggest my such patients taking regular antihistamines like cetirizine/levocetirizine in morning and HY Chat Doctor. 2. I would also suggest you to apply calamine lotion over the itchy areas/rash.3. Please do not scratch the itchy areas as it would aggravate itching.4. To identify/suspect the cause, in addition to above asked details, some investigations such as complete blood counts, ESR, stool examination, urine examination, etc. would also help. Hope above suggestions will be helpful to you. Should you have any further query, please feel free to ask at Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good recovery and the best of the health ahead. Thank you & Regards.
Hi, I understand you concern. First, I would like to tell you that fever is a vague term which denotes to the rise of body temperature. The symptoms told by you are so common that, they almost exist in most infectious and even in non-infectious diseases. I think, you should see a physician asap so that you can be assessed by means of physical examination. And maybe some blood tests and radiological exams can determine the problem you are having. Hope this helps.
Hi, dear. I have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. Highly elevated alkaline phosphatase level may be due to some liver disease or intestinal disease or bone disease.  However, in 17-month-old child its high chance to have intestinal disease.  You should consult astrologist and investigate further.  Also go for ultrasound abdomen and take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Normal levels of ALT range from about 7-56 IU/L. Normal levels of ALP ranges from 44 to 147 IU/L. In your child values of both ALP and ALT are within NORMAL range. Right bundle branch block (RBBB) in child Chat Doctor.  To find out the exact CAUSE of RBBB your doctor has advised Echocardiography. I don't think this problem has anything to do with eating disorder from which your child is suffering. Isolated RBBB is not fatal. It is usually considered benign condition. So you need not worry so much. After Echocardiography your doctor will determine the cause of RBBB and will treat accordingly.
Hello, I have gone through the query and understood your concern. I will be able to comment further if you can elaborate on the blood test performed. If the value of 1.641 indicates serum beta-ChatDoctor, this suggests non-pregnant state. In an ectopic pregnancy, usually the gestation sac is located outside the uterine cavity; sometimes an empty sac may be seen in the uterus simultaneously. To know the viability of the pregnancy, you can repeat the sonogram through the trans-vaginal route after another week. If the fetal pole is visible by then along with cardiac activity, things are going fine. Hope this helps.
Hi, Thanks for asking. Based on your query, my opinion is as follows.1. Endothelial damage, increased coagulating factors or change in blood movement within the vessel commonly leads onto thrombosis. This thrombus blocks the blood vessel.2. Due to reduced activity of your mother, blood movement would have slowed down resulting in formation of thrombus.3. INR needs to evaluated to maintain at a higher level of 2-2.5 during anticoagulation therapy. If she has any breathlessness, meet your doctor immediately. Hope it helps. Any further queries, happy to help again.
It sounds like you are conflicted about your relationship with this married woman, given that you too, are married. Typically, if you are not getting your needs met in your current marital dead, then you will tend to stray and get your needs met elsewhere. It would appear that your emotional, sexual, or other needs are currently not being met with your wife. If you are this "obsessive" with this woman, it would appear that you have been obsessive in other areas of your life or with other women, perhaps even with your wife at one point. At any rate, your situation sounds very complex, and it is difficult to assist you without knowing which aspect of it you want assistance with. It is unclear if you want to terminate the relationship with the other woman, and strengthen your relationship with your wife, or keep things as they are. It would appear that it would be difficult to maintain both relationships and have both be satisfying, given that you are so obsessed with the other woman. I would need more guidance in terms of what your goal is in order to best help you. Good luck to you.
Hello and welcome to Chat Doctor. As a Urologist, i must opine that, you're richly blessed by GOD almighty. The cardiologists and intensivists team, are to be congratulated for a remarkable resuscitation and successful effort. To begin with, your father had a diabetic nephropathy(Diabetes with CKD stg3), and injecting contrast, is potentially nephrotoxic. But, the only way to do angioplasty is, to do a contrast angiogram study, first. This can lead to acute kidney injury-ARF, where the creatinine goes up, with other side effects, like B.P.fall, and low oxygen saturation. Dialysis is imminent, when creatinine goes up. You may send any doubt, as a direct question to me, for an expert opinion. Chat Doctor.  Manga.
Hi, Welcome to Chat Doctor. I have read your history carefully. This is not normal to have an over enlarged spleen. Perhaps I would like to know if his liver is enlarged too, as it can narrow our diagnosis. Please be advised there are other causes for enlarged spleen, most common of them which are:-leishmaniasis-malaria-spleen abscess-Hodgkins disease, leukemia, lymphoma-amyloidosis-paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria-spleen hematoma usually after trauma.-Bud Chiara syn Chat Doctor.  Kindly repeat his blood tests and do an Ultrasound abdomen for spleen size and check of abscess or blood collection. If necessary, and advised by local physician in case, you can go for CAT scan and MRI. Hope I have answered your query. If you do not have any clarifications, you can close the discussion and rate the answer. Wish you good health.
Hi, dairy have gone through your question. I can understand your concern. You have blood in urine.  It can be due to stone, urinary infection, injuries in urinary tract or cancer in kidney or bladder.  You should search the cause first.  You should go for urine examination and ultrasound abdomen. It will give you exact diagnosis. Then you should take treatment accordingly. Hope I have answered your question, if you have doubt then I will be happy to answer. Thanks for using Chat Doctor. Wish you a very good health.
Hi, Shin is tibia bone anterior border, which is subcutaneous, and covered by skin and fat and fascia only with no muscles to provide a tough cover. Whenever there is injury over the shin it results compression of skin and underlying soft tissues with associated internal bleed that moves along the facial planes and get deposited in dependent parts like foot or ankle. These types of will take around a month to get healed. All you need to do is to apply ice over the impacted site. It will gradually recover on its own without any treatment. Take care. Hope I have answered your question. Let me know if I can assist you further.
