PLEASE HELP! Im only 15 years old. I noticed four small bumps on my penis shaft in the middle. They arent together. One is kind of pink. The others look like the color of my skin there. The pink one is more noticible. They dont itch and they arent painful. Im so scared to tell my parents but I need to know what it is.
hi, im 31 years old female looking for advise on pre work out or ny supplements since i was diagnosed with dvt over 2 months ago. currently taking coumadin 8mg. any chance that jack3d something that i shouldnt be consider ? im 5"9 and 132 lb. thank u.
Hey, I have a problem with my right leg and also my traps. So since november or december i was working out doing squats and leg press and i felt a shock in my left leg, i didnt think of much untill it went a bit numb. After that i told my wrestling coach and he sent me to see an osteo and they said it is a nerve pinch and said it is fine. I continued the rest of my wrestling season and didnt feel any shocks cause i didnt workout in the gym during the season that much. But now the season has finished and im back in the gym, when i squated today i felt a shock in my right leg and also i felt a little shock in my trap. The leg didnt really go numb but my trap sorta did.So now im super scared and wondering if this is something you guys have seen or know anything about.
I have had an infection in my chest for around last Monday, i went to the doctors on Tuesday, saying i an Chest Infetion/ Viral Infection, they put me on Antibiotics and Steriods. On Wednesday, the pain started at the side of my chest, leading up towards the top. I went to my out of hours GP on Friday, she said i should go to A+E. For an chest x-ray . I had blood tests and around 7/8 hours of tests. And they still weren t certain on what it was. Or if they are going to keep me in. I left anyway an hour later with a final decision that it might be Pleurisy , i couldnt take a deep breath in probably during the x-ray, so they gave me more Antibiotics and Steriods, until today. The pain still continues around the back of my rib cage, i haven t been sleeping well. Im still very tired/weak. I also have asthma , but normally a fit 19 year old, female. Also i am still coughing up green/yellow plenum, which this morning i noticed red spots? What do think i should do, just leave it and see how it goes? Or do i go back up the doctors? Help please.
I m a 47 year old caucasion female with no cardiac history from my parents or myself. I booked myself in for an elective surgery and had blood work and ECG done. The surgeon has operated on me before (2 years ago) and when he compared the ECG s he said there was a slight change. I was in much better cardio shape 2 years ago than I am now. Could this cause the slight changes he s talking about?
My lil girl was bitten on the face by a dog it got a bad infection took to hospital and treated it with antibiotics seems to be healing but still feels like bumps under her scars where she was bitten do I need to take her to see a doctor I have been putting cocoa butter on it
Hello,I am Shikha. I am facing twitches from 2 months which started from my lower lip. And now i fell intermittent twitches in my calf, foot, hip , hands. I am feeling uneasy and worried. I consulted a neurologist and got myself tested for thyroid, calcium and phosphorus and diabetes. My calcium was a bit lower to the normal range (only 2 points low). On his advise iam taking Calcium supplements and anxiety tables( Zapiz and ciplar).Please advice. Iam worried .Thanks in advance
Doctor, I have been experiencing poor circulation in my legs. I feel like my legs are always tired and achy. What could be the cause of this?
i was suffering from mild endometrial hyperplasia. iam 29 years old. I was on a birth control pills for about 7 months. Now i stopped taking it on 11 march. I had a wthdrawal bleeding on 16 march. Now i am having pain in my lower abdomen, especially near uterous. My first period is due on 12th. Why i am feeling pain? Is anything to worry?
Hi dr. I just completed my sonography and the dr told me I am suffering from cholelithesis, I am confuzion what should I do dr have advised me for surgery removing gall blader, is there any option I dont want surgery, is there is med.  Course home remedies,   plz help me
My friend is facing stomach pain for the last 1 yr.The doctor said it will take time to cure completely.She is 19 yrs old The Pain comes suddenly and will be cure with in 1- 5 minutes  and she is normal for some days.Because of this couldnt go to college or any other places.Will it be gastero problem .Is any better medicine .
Hi, I had 4 wisdom tooth removed 5 days ago and most of the swelling has now gone but not fully. I have noticed a flap of gum tissue covering the lower left molar (in front of where the wisdom tooth was). Also this flap seems to be stitched from the side next to my cheek. Is this normal? Have the stitches be done properly? Thanks
hi im 24 weeks pregnant and i use to smoke before i knew i was pregnant..i havent smoked since i found out but im suffering from withdraw an i need 2 just smoke one time...how much will that effect my baby...this would b the first time me smoking since i ve been pregnant
Doctor, my knee has been hurting a lot lately and there seems to be some fluid retention around it.
my face broke into a big rash at start it looked like a big blister and then a big red rash it was itch and painful i went to er and they give me antiviotics and a cream,now is over a month and my face has four big rashes  what should i use dermatologist will propebly can help thanks
Hi doctor, my kid 9 yrs 21 kg has been having high fever since today afternoon. Looks like viral fever. We have given ibugesic (paracetamol+ibuprofen) at 2 pm and then meftal-p (mefenamic acid) at 7.45pm. But within 4.15 hrs, the fever is back to 100 plus. Pls advise urgently. Thanx.
Hi, I have just noticed a hard small lump (half an inch by 3/4 of an inch) an 1.5 inches below and two inches to the left of my navel. It is hard, and I have not been able to press it back through the muscle wall. Are hernias general hard or soft? Thinking that it might be a Spigelian hernia. Have had it for about three weeks. Also, I have been told that hernia repairs can be very painful. Is a high pain level common with hernia fixes?
Hi Dear Doctor!My son (26 Yrs) has been diagnosed with Ankylosing Spondylitis. Pain in Neck for almost one & a half year & gradually his neck became quite stiff, neck movement restricted. His Doc gave him...... D-3, NUCOXIA  & MECOBALTabelets for almost three months with few Steroid injections. He was alright for 4-5 months, but now again complaining of pain. He was also suggested some exercise, but was not very perticular.Salt of NUCOXIA =  Paracitamol & EtoricoxibPlease tell can this be treated or.......how he can live a normal life.Dharmvir Khunger
Hi for the past 5 days, i feel a lump on my neck just under the jaw (right side) and i also get constant ear aches. Before I noticed the lump i got a sore throat for a week. I worried that it may be something serious. I went to a general physician and told her about my ear aches and told me my left ear is just inflammed but that wa sbefore i noticed the lump.17, male, 68kg
Hi I have developed this rash where every time I go out side doesn t matter what weather after being out in it for 10 min I get a rash appear on my neck and face . I go bright red and very warm my neck gets very itchy. As soon as I come back in doors It disappears after 20 mins. Yesterday was worse as ur was windy and pretty cold . Please help its driving my mad and it s very embarrassing x
hi my my name is rohail and i am 19 years old weight 75 i have one question is there any side effect of masturbation for muscle because my bodybuilder trainer said that masturbation is an energy sucide is it true one more question is how many time i do this in a month when i feel uncomfortable.
I have a lump on my gums, its whitish red. ive had it for over a month now, sometimes it not even there and sometimes it about a quarter of an inch big, when i eat it gets bigger, i just tryed to pop it thinkig it was an abcess and it didnt pop it just stayed the same size and bled a small amount where i poked it. is this CANCER??
My partner is working away and he had an accident about 5pm tonight, he got his head stuck in between a lifter and a bar, he never lowered the lifter enough and tried to duck under but got his neck stuck. He doesn t have a headache and no sickness but he does have a bit of numbness bug is saying he s ok, i want to drive to be there because he s on his own in the hotel but he insists he s fine, I m worried sick, we have a little girl who s asleep now and she s home with me...song is what to do, I really wanted to go to London but he insisted he s fine.
Dr.My husband age 44, i am 29 .We have a second marriage. But I have a child. My second marriage is done in  one year. But we have no child.We meet one doctor, and prescribed fertisure medicine. my husband,s motilility is very low.  Dr. how many months this medicine is used, which time this medicine is effected.
Hi, may I answer your health queries right now ? Please type your query here... Hello. My friend is 4 weeks pregnant. Her doctor wants her to terminate because she is hypertensive and because she has had numerous abortions. She really wants to have this child. What can she do to have a healthy baby? Thank you.
Good Day Doc, I am taking Losartan 100 mg and Diltiazem cd 120 mg in the morning and Diltiazem cd 120 mg at night for two weeks now. But I can still feel my heart rate is sometimes fast in the afternoon. Is it normal? Prior to this I had an episode on Aug 25 for a BP of 194 / 96 due to a rebound from Clonidine .3 mg which I took for 5 nights (per PCP take once daily). Now I even developed an anxiety. PLEASE, Kindly assist me Doc. Thank you - Tes
I have had type 2 diabetes for over 10 years. I am a male, 72, and am using insulin and victoza to manage my disease. Recently I started putting on a few pounds each week and have visible puffiness around my eyes and my fingers are swollen {puffy but no pain}. I look like I am retaining fluid. Any clues?
Do I need to pay for this service?  Im a 298 year old woman.  Became obese in the past year - gained 40 lbs.  Having tightness in my chest, and am easily fatigued.  Having some shortness of breath but not bad.  Some heart burn.  My shoulder and neck are hurting.  Ive had these symtoms on and off for the last couple of months.  Dont know if Im just having some sort of anxiety attack as Ive been depressed lately.
I had my thumb fused and carpal tunnel release 3 weeks ago. I have been having an increase in burning pain in the thumb and some numbness recently. The pain used to be at night, now I am experiencing it all day. The extra strength tylenol, 6 per day, doesn t seem to be helping the pain. I can t take NSAIDS due to stomach issues. Any comments?
Hello DR. GRIEF: MY ANKLES ARE SWELLING. IT NEVER HAPPENED BEFOR I STARTED A TEMP JOB, WHERE I SIT DOWN FOR MOST OF THE DAY. I DON T EAT ALOT OF SALT, HOWEVER, I DO TAKE A WATERPILL EVERYDAY, AND I VE BEEN TAKING IT FOR ABOUT 5 YEARS. IT S HYDROCHLOROTHIAZIDE 25 MG. WHY IS THIS HAPPENING?
I had one of the upper-jaw tooths root canaled.Post treatment, I used tove food lodgment problem surrounding the cavities adjoining the gums of treated tooth i.e: small slices of food teer into the gums and cavities. When I went to see a Dr, she removed the cap along with which the tooth part came out.Dr. has suggested me 2 options :1) Have an implant of metal by removing the root.2) Have a bridge by cutting the left-adjacent natural tooth and removing the cap of right-adjacent root-canaled tooth.Which one would be better option to prevent food lodgment? 1 or 2?Would you suggest 3) a replacement of cap? or 4) leave the root-canaled tooth without a cap
hi, i m devi. i have thyroid problem past one year. still i m taking thyronorm tablet 50mg per day. i delivered a baby last year. nw he is 1 year old. still i am giving breast milk. what the problem is, for the 5 months i have severe hair loss. i am taking combofit multivitamin tablet daily also. but still i have the problem. is there any prblem in my health or its normal?
my father,s age of 74 years.he is suffering from jaundice since 7 wks.symptom-yellowish eyes & body,loss of appetite,gas formation & eructation,occasinally nausea & vomiting & weakness.Now serum bilirubin level is 34.7,conjugated-31.sgot-132,sgpt-68,alkaling phosphate-206,usg abdomen-mild hepatitis & no obstruction.endoscopy-mild gastral antritisMRCP-normal study,total protein-6.5,serum albumin-3.4,prothrombin time-13.9,HEPATITIS-A,B,C,E--NEGATIVE,ANA-22.25,AMA-NEGATIVE.What is the probable diagnosis?& what should i do?
Doctor, I have been experiencing sharp chest pain. What do you think could be the issue?
Dear Sirs,I have a situation with my partner who is classed as an alcohol dependant consuming three bottles of white wine per day (Now reduced to 8% wine) to keep her withdraw symptoms under control.  She is currently waiting to detox as she  has been trying to stop for a while.    She has reduced her intake substantially but cannot stop.   She needs a tooth extraction or canal root treatment (If we can save the tooth) and is absolutely terrified of the dentist and has bad gag reflexes, therefore she will need to be satiated for the required treatment.   I have tried to research this topic and all i seem to find is advice not to drink before or after treatment but nothing concrete advising of what to do if you are an alcoholic and cannot go without a drink prior or after treatment.    Please could you kindly let me know what options are available and if the dentist carrying out the proceedure will still go ahead and if so, how will this affect the patient?
Doctor, I am experiencing some symptoms of the kidneys and bleeding gums. Can you please help me understand what's going on?
Hi my mother is 70 years old, for the past 2 years shes been going through dyalisis 3 times per week.   Her heart is functioning at 25%, she is having problems breathing.  My mom was just admitted to the hospital due to fluid in her lungs.  What are her chances of getting better?
My husband had a blood test for uric acid levels to see if he had gout. It was negative. But he still experiences swelling in his big toe, sometimes his entire foot. It is painful. The swelling is associated with the big toe today and sometimes seems to start after some stress on the joint, exercise or gardening. If not gout, what/
my mother got operated for stone in golbladder in 1999..in tht year only after the operation she again fall ill n that time again operation for PANCREATITIS ...SHE GOT ADMITTED IN COMMAND HOSPITAL..and she remained in ICU for long and docters did their best and saved her...after d operation she HAD diabities...she started taking medicinces of sugar from tht time only..sumtimes sugar is normal but most of the time it is out s range,she says No to insulin .she had severe headache also,three years back she took treatment of DR,Atul roy...it wasfine in intial years but since 2 months she is not well,earlier it was cold n cough ,then sum liquid statrtd cuming out from the stitches frm tht operation vch was done in 1999.for tht she went to DR parvez of NIDA HOSPITAL,she started taking medicines n in few days she started headche evn twice she fainted n still she complains of chaakar aana n saya ki it seems ki unka sir ghoom raha hai..she has becum weak not eating properly,today she had loosemotion n till yesterday she was constipated.DOCTER PLS HELP ME N SUGGEST A VERY GOOD DOCTER WHO CAN CURE HER,MY MOTHER IS 65 YEARS OLD N LIVES in ALIGANJ.MY email id is YYYY@YYYY u..sir...
Hi, I have a 14 yr old son who has been being followed by a hematologist for 9 months for mild thrombocytopenia and mild neutropenia. His only clinical symptom is fatigue.  A BMB has not been performed. His DR thinks its either ITP, or less likely, familial or a bone marrow failure. I am a Med tech and I occasionally check his CBC. Last time I looked at his smear, I found a mast cell. Is this significant? Could this be a clue to whats going on with him? Should I wait 2 more months for his next appointment, or go in earlier? Thank you.
Yesterday night I was involved in a car accident. I was in the passenger seat. We hit the side of another car that was spinning out of control and both cars were totaled. The complete front of our vehicle was crushed in. At the time I had pretty bad chest pain and soon some abdominal pain but attributed that to the air bag. It has been about a day later and my lower right abdomen around the ovarian/appendix area is in a lot of pain along with other minor injuries. I dont know if I should continue to wait it out to see if it was just from the air bag or see a doctor. I dont want to waste money as they have not found the driver at fault yet.Thanks.
I have pulmonary fibrosis and spent 49 days in the hospital and returned home dec 23rd. After being home 3 weeks and I have started to cough and spitting up mucuss white/yellow in color. I notice it takes me longer to get my oxygen level back up to exceptable level and I have a little pressure in my chest. Is this a concern or is it normal. Dick
Had a root canal and crown on bottom left (last) about a month past; my regular dentist put me onclindamycin 150m but the tooth is still very sensitive. should I see a root canal specialist, or what do you suggest? I am still on the meds he gave me. thanks
I had sex with my boyfriend yesterday and used a condom. After we finished, we noticed that the condom was missing. Then I found it, inside me with just the end hanging out. I am on birth control, but I just started it and am just now finishing my first pack. I also just realized that my birth control is the kind that needs to be taken at the same time everyday, which I have not been doing. Do I need to consider emergency contraception?
I have Lupus Nephritis since 2008. My renal function was down to 17% but then started to come up as I lost 60lbs and my blood pressure has come way down to 111/68 on a consistent basis. 2 weeks ago I had my labs done and all my tests came out normal except my creatinine which went from 1.6 to 2.8 within 3 months. I m puzzled at how this can happen. I m on a kidney friendly diet. I need to know possible causes for just this 1 test result to be so out of whack when it was so low a few months ago, and what I can do to lower this number.
My husband has cirrhosis of the liver. He had an ultrasound last week followed by two days of bloody stool. Today he had an MRI and now has bloody stools again. Stool is like dark bloody diarrhea. He is also vomiting. Is this caused by his cirrhosis or by the test? He sees his liver doctor on Monday. Should he go to the hospital?
Hi I have a friend that has a lot of health issuse and tried bath salts and she has now had some sort of mental break down so I am trying to find out if there is a way to get it out of her system faster? Her symptoms consist of paranoia screaming and yelling at people delusions and seeing things that arent there!
I am George Daniel , 56 year old wants to take angiogram and to consult the Dr. George Thayil. Now I am working in Dubai,what is the procedures and how many days will take for angio +consultation.some days back I am went a hospital with chest pain.taken the ECG, ECG was perfectly ok, I am having diabetes, hypertension and cholesterol but blood sugar and BP under control Ldl cholesterol is above normal Still I am taking medicines. If I am getting the telephone number of Lourdes hospital that is well to contact.
sir, i have black shade on my both cheeks many medicine used but no change iam 52 aged person ,one of my friend advice me to use metasone plus cream & fluticasone oinment b.p. both mixe and apply . iam expecting your valuable advice . thank you doctor.
hi i have a yeast infection and was wondering the best way to get rid of it at home. i had it a few months ago and got rid of it with a 7-day medicine from the store. but i dont have any money now and i read putting garlic in the vagina will cure it quickly, i put a clove in tied with floss last night and it s not irritating or anything. so would it be okay to do it again? what should i do?
I have had an elevated resting heart rate in the 120s even into the 130s and 140s for the past 3 weeks the doctor I saw said it could be inappropriate tachyacardia. I am 29 years old and I am a little over weight at about 130. I have been suffering migraines for over 2 years and the doc all told me I was depressed and the meds made me pack on weight. Recently I have had 4 different episodes of losing vision in my right eye. Any help would be greatly appreciated.
Hi, my name is Wesley. I have had this cough for about 5 days now, along with a slightly stuffy nose. I am more worried about my cough though, because i smoke regularly and i am only 21. After i acquired this cough it wasnt a very serious thing, but i tried to smoke a cigarette and i could barely take 2 puffs of it. So i have not taken a puff of a cigarette for about 4 days now and still have the cough and slightly stuffed nose. Will my throat be alright ?
Teen daughter texted saying her chest hurts and feels like there is a lot of pressure on it. feeling a bit shaky. Ate food 1/2 hour ago after only eating a bagel and cream cheese at 1 pm. I heard cough a bit this morning and blowing her nose. Beginning of a cold I would say? The heaviness on the chest makes me wonder. keep an eye on that?
Hi, I have a small ball like thing on my gums. It s on both sides of my lower jaw. It does not hurt but is hard. The left side is more pointy than the right side. My grandfather had oral cancer, should I be worried? I do not smoke, chew tabacco or drink.
i did 20 weeks ultrasound and doctor said that the amniotic fluid is more so they advice me for stomach bubble sonography other body parts of fetus are normal and my GTT test result is little bit high so doctor said its gestrational diabetes I am worried about all these give me proper answer what happen to baby because of all these.
sir , I am Mukesh Kesarwani , 42 yrs of age . According to my LFT Serum Bilirubin is 1.57 , SGPT - 123 and SGOT - 84 . I am a frequent drinker and consume about 150 ml alcohol almost daily . I am fond of good spicy food espesially non -vegitarian . my hieght is 6 2 and my body weight is 79 kg . I am completely on the diet as prescribed by my physician . How long it will take to recover and i will be able to drink and have the food i m passionate for
hello my age is 27 we are plaaning for pregnancy..still i am unable to conceive but before 10 days docter has given me injection for rupturing my egg as my egg size is normal ie:20mm but today is 25 thday still i dont have any symptom for preganancy......can you give me any suggestion.thanks
Hello sir, i am having pain in stomach . Pain comes sudden with high intensity and go for get freshed but excreta released in small amt . Its happens  5  to  6 time in day specially in morning. I got ultrasound reoprt it shows LIVER IS MILDLY ENLARGED WITH INCREASED ECHOGENECITY SUGGESTIVE OF HEPATOMEGALY WITH FATTY LIVER GRADE -I. AND BORDER LINE SPLEEM
As I was walking past a chair in the living room my hand accidentally got the wooden side hard. I thought nothing of it since its happened before. This time, however a bump the size of a quarter formed where I hit it. It throbs and is hard when I press on it. What is it and should I be concerned?
I have this cough that won t go away, I have had it for well over a year. I am sick now so I am coughing and coughing up phlegm but still concerned about my cough. My last apartment did have mold all through the walls and they moved us to another apartment. I did go to the doctors and they said that I had sinus drainage. If I recall It was well over a year ago and I was sick then.
I am f 36 yrs old. History of PCOS. Weight problem but otherwise healthy. For the last few days I have been experiencing not pain but a very bovious discomfort in my upper left abdominal area. It can become worse after eating but not always. My upper left abdomen is harder than normal most of the time. I have not had a period since 14 nov 2010 which is not unheard of with my polycystic ovarian disease. All preg tests say negative. It is very uncomfotable to lie on my left hand side in bed since this all began about 5 days ago.
hi, I have been diagnosed wirh cervical foraminal stenosis, stenosis, osteoarthritis and degenerative disc issues at C4,5 down to T1.  At 45 this does not bode well since the foraminal opening for the nerve feeding through to the left Ulnar nerve is being continually squeezed by progressive bone growth.  At the current time, spinal injections keep the inflamation in check around the opening but as the bone continues to grow, these will eventually fail and other trouble areas will likewise begine causing loss of limb functiion.  Any suggestions on controling inflamation at these sites?  I am assuming there is nothing short of surgery that can be done about the foraminal opening closing off with bone growth with resulting nerve death snd paralysis of the assoc. limb.
hi there, im inquiring for my husband whom is suffering from aches ect, he had the snip done around 9 years ago, procedure went well, a few years after the snip my husband was suffering with pain and swelling in the left testical, we followed this up and he was told that he had blew a seel, meaning his testy was being choked by variagus veins, so he had an operation to have his left testy removed. every now and then he has been suffering from a pain in the ball that is no longer there, when he urinates he feels a sensation running down the inside of his left leg, also he says he has a light burning sensation running down the same area, and pain near the scar where they made the incision for the removal of his testie, hubby has had prostate checks and all clear, sitting up causes him discomfort in the said areas..any insight would be much appreciated..
I just got my ultrasound report, it shows that my uterus is 7.7x4.3x.1 cm , anteverted with smooth contour and homogeneous echopattern.My endometrium is 1.2 cm, hyperechoic with intact subendometrial halo compatible with secretory phase. Right ovary measuring 3.4x1.5cm, and left ovary is 3.7x2.5cm both lateral to uterus and both with physiologic follicles. Cervix size is 2.4x1.7cm, closed and homogeneous present with few nabothian cyst. And also with no free fluid in the posterior cul-de-sac...I am almost 7 yrs. in my married life but still have no baby. With the above result, does it shows that I am capable to conceive?
I am using Mintop 5 from last 1 month but it seems that my hair loss is still the same inface I can say it has increased. I am not using any hair oil from last 1 month since I am using Mintop 5. What should I do? Also Can I use any hair oil like almond or any one you suggest and when should I apply it after applying mintop 5.
I am a 56 year old female with stress induced anxiety and depression . I have gone from 128/130 to 104 since November 2011. My PCP says I cannot afford to loose more weight but cannot eat. This all stems from a lawsuit regarding my home that is sinking. I have read that HGH hormone replacement therapy in a LOW dose helps the anxiety, self-esteem, gives energy, and best of all, I would gain muscle. I have never lost this much weight over anything. Would one cycle of low dose HGH help me?
I have had low back (left side) pain for four months.  I have had my kidneys checked, have had an MRI, CAT scan with dye, x-rays, etc.  Everything has come back normal.  The aching is worse in the morning and keeps me from falling back to sleep.  Sitting makes it worse.  I have noticed that the pain goes out to my hip.  I have also had blood work and was told my RA factor was elevated.  I have no other pain anywhere else.  My back does not hurt when I bend over, run, etc.  Meds (muscle relaxers, etc.) do not work on the pain.  I have been to PT and to a Chiropractor.  Nothing helps.  No one seems to know what the issue is but I wake up with this every day.  One thing that is strange is that by night it is usually gone.
when running my hand down the front of my throat, it feels like a lump at the base, as if my esophageous is pushed out almost...is this normal?  I am a 41yr old white woman, 160 pound, 57,no significant health problems.  No problems swallowing, no pain, except for a muscle pulled feel around my shoulder blades on occassion.
my 5 year old girl has recurrent runny nose ,sore eyes but has now developed very black rings under her eyes and her facial color is very pale she is saying under her arms are very sore and she had a raised iga she was told she is allergic to egg whites and other things 2 months ago she appears to be disimproving generally
Hi, I got bit more than 24 hrs.ago by either a bee or wasp on my arm, in 2 different spots & my arm is getting more & more swollen.....I m experiencing pain, muscle stiffness, & my ring & pinky are feeling numb w/pain....I ve iced it, taken Ibuprofen, & put antibiotic ointment on the bites....What should I do now to make it better?
My son is having tightness in his chest and finding it hard to breathe. He has diaherreah and having problems creating saliva.  Any position he lays in is giving him the tightness in his chest.  Hes been up all night.  Took him to the ER this morning and had a chest xray and it was fine.  He also has no appetite.  This has been going on for two days.
HI, i was just gifted with a baby daughter. On the 3rd day when we were in hospital her bilirubin came as 10 and doctors gave us phototherapy . When the Bilirubin came to 6 we got discharged. We were told to get the bilirubin check again after 2 days. We did so and the bilirubin was reported as 14. This was the 6th day and we went to the docs clinic. The doctor said that this is the peak day for bilirubin hence no need to worry . he recommended the bilirubin to be checked again after 36 hours. if it increases then admit here in hospital again. we did so and after 36 hours the bilirub was reported as 26. This was very alarming. We rushed to the hospital after we got the report and they addmitted her in emergency and gave her triple photo light . in 2 hours the bilirubin came to 22 else they were ready for a blood transfusion. Then we remained in hospital 2 more days till the bilirubin came to 8. After that it was 5.9 and we got over with Jaundice. Now doctors are saying that since the bilirubin went so high from 14 to 26 in 36 hours and it was a rare case from them ( i dont know if they are saying the truth) hence they recommend a BERA hearing test. Should i go for it. ? they just want to be safe that the baby didnt got any hearing loss since they consider 26 bilirubin as high
i have a small painless lump on the left side of my neck its soft and i found it about a month and a half ago, but just remembered about it right now it has stayed the same size. It only hurts if i pushdown on it.it goes away & comes  back,been to two MDs & they both said not to worry,its a muscle.
Dear sir, i have done unsafe sex with my partner....what will i do ?? bt i dont know my sperm ejaculated in vagina so i have given cycleonorm E and P  to my partner...she is taking first time this tablet....and her period has gone 30  December....so please give me advice i dont want pregnancy....
Doctor, I have noticed that my skin looks abnormal lately. It's kind of thick and hard, and has a shiny appearance. Do you know what it could be?
I have tiny red dots on both of my legs from knee to ankle. They each one have a white circle around them. There is no itching, burning or pain. What could cause this? I have had breast cancer . Now, they are looking for uterine cancer . Could this possibly be connected? The only medication change I have had is a Percocet at Dr; s request for pain prior to biopsy of uterus. I only took one, which was a week ago. Any helpful information?
I had my aortic valve replaced 4 and a half years ago. They tell me I am now at 62% from 18%. I am taking 80 ml of lasic. I am starting to retain everything that I drink. I can t seem to drink anything without retaining. My cardiologist told me I have fluid overload. What does that mean.
I have pulmonary sarcoidosis ( crhonic) upper right lobe removed 4 months ago with scarring in left lung , after surgery I have afib  and put on amiodarone 200mg  50mg of pred. my pulse rate at rest is from 90-96 if I walk to back room itt goes up to 128-144, I have never had a high pulse rate I am 43 /male could this be pulmonary hypertension? short of breath, always tired pressure in chest on right side of brestbone. Please help
Sir my baby is feeling sort sleep, she is only 5 months old, she is not having good sleep, slight running nose is observed. Should I give her coriminc drop or nasal drops. What is the recommended dose for above medicines and how long it can be used.
three yr old has random, vomiting, watery stool, and severe leg pain. child wakes numerous times crying in pain. i can t begin to know what she has, or how to treat symtoms. She doesn t want to eat and hardly drinks any fluids. It s really starting to scare me, do you know what I m up against?
HiMy mother  age 51 is suffering from heavy breathlessness, cough and fewer, we have consulted GP, after taking medicine, she doesnot have fewer but breathlessness is there, once she stops taking medicine againg she get fewer, GP has also recommended DOXYCYCLINE AND LACTIC ACIDE BACILLIUS CAPSULES, DOSY-1 LDR FORTE. above are symptoms, please advise what she is suffering from
My cousin who is 58 year old male is having certain signs of physic whcih needs treatment:1. His sister is totally mentally sick and she refuses to take medicines. I feel this sickness is  in the family , that means it is hereditary. They have another two brothers which also have light signs of this ailment. 2. This cousin to whom  am referrring gets irritated for little things. But he does all the work well but he gets some sound which remains in his memory and haunts him all the time those illusions. I am trying to give him Parocen 25 mgs , one per day for 6 months and than reduce it to 12.5 mgs. With this treatment I feel he should be given  a tranquilizer of 1 mg and again reduce to half.at night. 3. I would like to know whether there will be any side effect or any other treatment is suggested?Kindly give me your feedback Doctor.Stephen Dias, Goa YYYY@YYYY
Hi doctor im trying to get pregnant my doctor gave me FERTAB- 50 to take second day of period, and to go back to her day 12 of my period and she will give me a shot, what is this injection for? And she said that i have to stop sex till day 12 also, just want to know the reason behind it, ?? Thanx
hi. i am 26 years old. female. my lymph nodes in the neck and chin seem to be swollen and is painful especially when touched. i likewise have pinkish rashes all over my face and neck. the rash itches sometimes especially when i sweat. what is wrong with me? thank you.
We were camping in west Texas Big Bend NP. We have been camping in the area for some 30 years. We rode mt bikes one day, and drank a moderate amount of water. Around sunrise my wife and I were in our sleeping bags waiting for the sun to come up and warm up some. As I was laying there I suddenly fetl dizzy, I couldn t focus on the tent, I got double vision and vertigo. I became very nausea and had dry heaves for half an hour. After about another hour on my hands and knees I was able to sit in a chair but I couldn t look up without getting vertigo. I sipped on water with electrolytes for several hours thinking that maybe I was dehydrated. But I have never had this before and I know I have pushed my water intake a lot more. I looked up dehydration and electrolyte depletion when I got hom but none of the symptoms describe what I had. What do you think?
Hi So I ve had a rash on my inner thighs, side, forarm and bum for two days now it isint painful unless I have a hot shower it looks a lot like heat rash but now two of my close friends have got the rash as well we have ruled out the washing powder and are not sure what it might be
I fell into desk top and bruised my rib on the right side near my waist This happened about one week ago and I don t see any bruising but feel deep pain. I am 84 and a healthy woman normally. Could I have bruised my lung or what is behind a lower rib? Do you recommend an xray?
Three days ago my cousin picked me up from behind to pop my back. He weighs about 250 pounds and I weigh 120 pounds. My back popped loudly in several places. Now The middle of my back feels very bruised and the pain radiates down to my upper buttocks. I mainly feel this pain when I stretch my back or when Im sitting down. I am an active 29 year old female. Please help!
My son is 14 years old. Can i use brahmalin ghruta for increasing his memory power and concentration. Please advise me proper dosage. Does it have any side-effects? can it iwill be able to reduce the tension at the time of exam? ht; 5.2 weight 35kg, age 14 years no medical history
Hi, my brother(23 yrs old) is attacked by polio during his childhood. His left leg is thin than the right one. We tried many Ayurveda method, but no effect. He is losing self confidence due to this. So is it possible to cure through surgery. If so let me know the best hospital and place
i have pain in back near to spinal card ,i check to doctor he told me that u have sand in kidney seen in ultasound and urine test result RBC 03-04 and pus cells 10-12.and i have vomiting .i used medicine ciprofloxacin 500mg twice a day.i used 5 day but i have same pain and pain is deadly.i drink to much water and using wash roam for urine every 5min.for pain i used voren tablits.please give me advice what i do.
HiMy name is Gopi Krishna. My age is 27 years. My my weight is approximately 60 Kg and hieght is 172 cm. Last year in May 2010 I got medical check up for joining a government service in defence. After seeing my chest x-ray the physician suspected about my health and told me that I may be suffering from tuberculosis (TB). But there was not clear sympton of TB in my health.After one year in July 2011 I started to sneezing and coughing with light fever. I got in mind the physicians doubt of last year.So I got again chest x ray and got no sympton of TB and started to take some medicine prescribed by the physician.  In x ray report there was some lines in report as below: - The hillar glands increased either side broncho-vascular markings are prominants in all zones.What problem indicate this report and what type of treatment I should take? Please help me.
hi i have a newborn she is 3 weeks old. she is breastfed and feeds often with many wet nappies per day. she poos on average only every 2nd day. a few days ago her weight confirmed she has put on almost 500gms in 1 week. Howover the last 24 hours she has been very unsettled, with a bloated tummy which has been making alot of loud gurgling noises all day, accompanied by 3 soiled nappies but only lightly soiled with very watery yellow poo. she keeps wanting to feed but it seems only for comfort as her tummy seems very full and hard. she sounds like she is constantly straining which makes her bring up small amounts of milk even as long as 40mins after a feed. what do you think is wrong with her and what should i do to settle her if she is already full?
Hi I cut my thumb on glass last Sunday. Cut was deep but didnt cut anything serious. My aunt cleaned the wound and bandaged it up for me. I went to my own Doctor on monday and they checked it and said I dont need stitches. They put sterile strips it and a bandage and put gause to hold it the thumb in place. they also gave me a tetnus. Ive been trying not to use my right hand but its hard as im left handed. Its been 6 days since the cut & today the cut is throbbing and ive a pain in my fingers and the pain is shooting up my hand. I checked the wound and theres clear watery stuff coming out of it. is the cut infected? Thanks
My daughter is turning 11 in a couple of weeks. She is much taller than kids her own age and has always been at 100% of the growth chart. She has started showing strange behavior lately. Restlessnes with arms and legs, crazy facial expressions, she cant sit still, bouncing in to things, general clumsiness. is this normal behavior?
I have a urinary tract infection. But I also have this bright red somewhat like a rash on my inner thigh around my virgins area. It orchestral alittle now that Ive taken my antibiotic,but Im still sore, burns and verry uncomfortable to move. I look at myself and it looks like my skin is dry and so red like if it was peeling..what can I do to relieve this?
Hi i am 39 weeks pregnant and last night i had chills and shaking i wore lots of clothes but i felt cold when i get up for bathroom now i am worried because i fell my baby move less than usual from this morning could you please tell me why that happen ?
hello doctor,i am 27 years of age male,i am suffering from one mental problem,really i need your help,i passed my b.tech in 2007,my problem is that from last 3 years i am not able to go out side from my house,not even i stepped out from my home from last 3 years,i just sit in home,i am scared of every thing,24 hours i think that i am going to die,i found best place is my home,i am scared of every thing,i cant ride bike,i cant sit in car,i am very much disturbed,please say me doctor what i must do,how can i reduce my fear,24 hours i a cry seeing my self,i beg u doctor help me,from last 3 years im in home.
I am 68 and in a patient with diabetes, pressure, anemia, where the power of the blood of 9 and hardening of the arteries and installed four networks in the arteries and the work of the digestive tract endoscopy found polyps and Bleed bright red blood from the anus Is appendages turn into cancer
HI. I have had heart by pass surgery and I take lasix medication. Recently I rode 1000 mile round trip in week and today, my left foot only, has swelled from the ankle down. I usually don t have any problems along this line. I have elevated my foot and tried ice pack and the swelling goes away. I can t sit all day with my foot propped up with ice. Any advice will be appreciated.
